
1. Brief Tour of E-Cell4 Simulations
====================================

First of all, you have to load the E-Cell4 library:

.. code:: python

    %matplotlib inline
    from ecell4 import *

1.1. Quick Demostration
-----------------------

There are three fundamental components consisting of E-Cell System
version 4, which are ``Model``, ``World``, and ``Simulator``. These
components describe concepts in simulation.

-  ``Model`` describes a problem to simulate as its name suggests.
-  ``World`` describes a state, e.g. an initial state and a state at a
   time-point.
-  ``Simulator`` describes a solver.

``Model`` is independent from solvers. Every solver can share a single
``Model`` instance. Each alogrithm has a corresponding pair of ``World``
and ``Simulator`` (these pairs are capsulized into ``Factory`` class).
``World`` is not necessarily needed to be bound to ``Model`` and
``Simulator``, but ``Simulator`` needs both ``Model`` and ``World``.

Before running a simulation, you have to make a ``Model``. E-Cell4
supports multiple ways to buld a ``Model`` (See `2. How to Build a
Model <2.%20How%20to%20Build%20a%20Model.ipynb>`__). Here, we explain
the simplest way using the ``with`` statement with ``reaction_rules``:

.. code:: python

    with reaction_rules():
        A + B > C | 0.01  # equivalent to create_binding_reaction_rule
        C > A + B | 0.3   # equivalent to create_unbinding_reaction_rule
    
    m1 = get_model()
    print(m1)


.. parsed-literal::

    <ecell4.core.NetworkModel object at 0x7f73f8236888>


Please remember to write parentheses ``()`` after ``reaction_rules``.
Here, a ``Model`` with two ``ReactionRule``\ s named ``m`` was built.
Lines in the ``with`` block describe ``ReactionRule``\ s, a binding and
unbinding reaction respectively. A kinetic rate for the mass action
reaction is defined after a separator ``|``, i.e. ``0.01`` or ``0.3``.
In the form of ordinary differential equations, this model can be
described as:

.. math:: [\mathrm{A}]'=[\mathrm{B}]'=-[\mathrm{C}]=-0.01[\mathrm{A}][\mathrm{B}]+0.3[\mathrm{C}]

For more compact description, ``A + B == C | (0.01, 0.3)`` is also
acceptable.

E-Cell4 has a simple interface to run simulations with the given model,
``run_simulation``. This enables for you to run simulations without
instanciate ``World`` and ``Simulator`` by yourself. To solve this
model, you have to give a volume, an initial value for each ``Species``
and duration of time:

.. code:: python

    run_simulation(10.0, model=m1, y0={'A': 60, 'B': 60}, volume=1.0)



.. image:: output_6_0.png


To switch simulation algorithm, you only need to give the type of solver
(``ode`` is used as a default) as follows:

.. code:: python

    run_simulation(10.0, model=m1, y0={'A': 60, 'B': 60}, solver='gillespie')



.. image:: output_8_0.png


1.2. Spatial Simulation and Visualization
-----------------------------------------

E-Cell4 now supports multiple spatial algorithms, ``egfrd``,
``spatiocyte`` and ``meso``. In addition to the model used in
non-spatial solvers (``ode`` and ``gillespie``), these spatial solvers
need extra information about each ``Species``, i.e. a diffusion
coefficient and radius.

The ``with`` statement with ``species_attributes`` is available to
describe these properties:

.. code:: python

    with species_attributes():
        A | B | C | {'radius': '0.005', 'D': '1'}  # 'D' is for the diffusion coefficient
    
    with reaction_rules():
        A + B == C | (0.01, 0.3)
    
    m2 = get_model()

Even though the properties indicate a floating number, each attribute
must be given as a string.

Now you can run a spatial simulation in the same way as above (``egfrd``
would need long time to simulate):

.. code:: python

    run_simulation(10.0, model=m2, y0={'A': 60, 'B': 60}, solver='meso')



.. image:: output_12_0.png


Structure (e.g. membrane, cytoplasm and nucleus) is only supported by
``spatiocyte`` and ``meso`` now. For the simulation, ``location`` that
each species belongs to must be specified in its attribute first.

.. code:: python

    with species_attributes():
        A | {'D': '1', 'location': 'S'}  # 'S' is a name of the structure
    
    m3 = get_model()  # with no reactions

E-Cell4 supports primitive shapes as a structure like ``Sphere``:

.. code:: python

    sphere = Sphere(Real3(0.5, 0.5, 0.5), 0.48)  # a center position and radius

E-Cell4 provides various kinds of ``Observer``\ s, which log the state
during a simulation. Two observers are declared to log positions of
molecules. ``FixedIntervalTrajectoryObserver`` logs a trajectory of a
molecule, and ``FixedIntervalHDF5Observer`` saves ``World`` to a HDF5
file at the given interval:

.. code:: python

    obs1 = FixedIntervalTrajectoryObserver(1e-3)
    obs2 = FixedIntervalHDF5Observer(0.1, 'data/test%02d.h5')

Then, ``run_simulation`` accepts structures and observers as arguments
``structure`` and ``observers`` respectively (see also
``help(run_simulation)``):

.. code:: python

    run_simulation(1.0, model=m3, y0={'A': 60}, structures={'S': sphere},
                   solver='spatiocyte', observers=(obs1, obs2), return_type=None)

E-Cell4 also provides visualizations including an interactive
visualization on IPython Notebook like ``viz.plot_world``.
``viz.plot_world`` plots positions of molecules in 3D. In addition, by
using ``load_world``, you can easily restore the state of ``World`` from
a HDF5 file:

.. code:: python

    viz.plot_world(load_world('data/test00.h5'), species_list=['A'])



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/d3/3.4.4/d3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
                 Elegans: [
    	       'https://rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/master/release/elegans',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.6581793068761734, 0.36950417228136045, 0.8371578903249574, 0.536935750346352, 0.13856406460551018, 0.4503332099679081, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6119912853410033, 0.7678758580222023, 0.17897858344878398, 0.8198373822492686, 0.381051177665153, 0.560029761113937, 0.6062177826491071, 0.10392304845413264, 0.8660254037844386, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7794228634059948, 0.45610671265980435, 0.19629909152447275, 0.6928203230275509, 0.8660254037844386, 0.5022947341949744, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.17897858344878398, 0.4907477288111819, 0.36950417228136045, 0.6293117934166921, 0.560029761113937, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24248711305964282, 0.785196366097891, 0.785196366097891, 0.2829016319029166, 0.7967433714816836, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.8140638795573724, 0.26558112382722787, 0.09237604307034013, 0.4330127018922193, 0.2944486372867091, 0.6408587988004846, 0.8717989064763348, 0.10392304845413264, 0.24826061575153907, 0.31754264805429416, 0.6408587988004846, 0.8313843876330611, 0.6119912853410033, 0.3290896534380867, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3983716857408418, 0.43878620458411555, 0.31754264805429416, 0.536935750346352, 0.3521836642056717, 0.785196366097891, 0.6639528095680697], "x": [0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.47356801693808115, 0.9144761706390533, 0.5225578117937447, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7348469228349536, 0.5062278801751902, 0.8491564441648352, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.2939387691339814, 0.19595917942265428, 0.8818163074019442, 0.718516991216399, 0.6368673331236264, 0.375588427226754, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.3592584956081995, 0.751176854453508, 0.31026870075253593, 0.5715476066494083, 0.31026870075253593, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.68585712797929, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6205374015050719, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.5878775382679629, 0.11430952132988166, 0.6368673331236264, 0.32659863237109044, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.19595917942265428, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.2122891110412088, 0.39191835884530857, 0.8001666493091716, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.6695271963607354, 0.4409081537009721, 0.11430952132988166], "z": [0.86, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.39, 0.36, 0.92, 0.65, 0.72, 0.27, 0.73, 0.78, 0.42, 0.51, 0.39, 0.42, 0.52, 0.37, 0.45, 0.35000000000000003, 0.66, 0.56, 0.76, 0.67, 0.39, 0.3, 0.41000000000000003, 0.15, 0.8, 0.65, 0.73, 0.64, 0.3, 0.72, 0.26, 0.33, 0.74, 0.8300000000000001, 0.24, 0.77, 0.52, 0.38, 0.79, 0.85, 0.19, 0.55, 0.48, 0.31, 0.29, 0.91, 0.38, 0.96, 0.29, 0.24, 0.85, 0.52, 0.75, 0.65, 0.73, 0.24, 0.43]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#a6cee3", "name": "A", "size": 0.3}}], "options": {"save_image": true, "range": {"y": [0.0, 1.0], "x": [0.0, 1.0], "z": [0.0, 1.0]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizecd72c29-dab8-4990-a2a3-c4d16b54507a",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizecd72c29-dab8-4990-a2a3-c4d16b54507a",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="vizecd72c29-dab8-4990-a2a3-c4d16b54507a"></div>
      </body>
    </html>


Also for ``FixedIntervalTrajectoryObserver``, ``viz.plot_trajectory``
plots trajectories in the interactive way:

.. code:: python

    viz.plot_trajectory(obs1)



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/d3/3.4.4/d3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
                 Elegans: [
    	       'https://rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/master/release/elegans',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.31754264805429416, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2829016319029166, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.20784609690826528, 0.12124355652982141, 0.17320508075688773, 0.15588457268119896, 0.22516660498395405, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17320508075688773, 0.12701705922171766, 0.13856406460551018, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12701705922171766, 0.12701705922171766, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12701705922171766, 0.15588457268119896, 0.13856406460551018, 0.15588457268119896, 0.10392304845413264, 0.17320508075688773, 0.20784609690826528, 0.27712812921102037, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24826061575153907, 0.1616580753730952, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1616580753730952, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17320508075688773, 0.2598076211353316, 0.3521836642056717, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2829016319029166, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1905255888325765, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.09237604307034013, 0.09237604307034013, 0.1096965511460289, 0.10392304845413264, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.19629909152447275, 0.26558112382722787, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3521836642056717, 0.30022213997860536, 0.21361959960016152, 0.26558112382722787, 0.19629909152447275, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2598076211353316, 0.17320508075688773, 0.2309401076758503, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2309401076758503, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1616580753730952, 0.21361959960016152, 0.17320508075688773, 0.12701705922171766, 0.10392304845413264, 0.07505553499465135, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.21361959960016152, 0.17897858344878398, 0.24826061575153907, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2829016319029166, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.19629909152447275, 0.20784609690826528, 0.15588457268119896, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1096965511460289, 0.10392304845413264, 0.08660254037844387, 0.1096965511460289, 0.09237604307034013, 0.06928203230275509, 0.09237604307034013, 0.05196152422706632, 0.06928203230275509, 0.06928203230275509, 0.1096965511460289, 0.07505553499465135, 0.1096965511460289, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1616580753730952, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.07505553499465135, 0.1096965511460289, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12701705922171766, 0.12701705922171766, 0.09237604307034013, 0.14433756729740643, 0.09237604307034013, 0.09237604307034013, 0.057735026918962574, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.1616580753730952, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3290896534380867, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.560029761113937, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4676537180435969, 0.536935750346352, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5542562584220407, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.47342722073549315, 0.36950417228136045, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7794228634059948, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7101408311032397, 0.785196366097891, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7159143337951359, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8140638795573724, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8717989064763348, 0.7967433714816836, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.762102355330306, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.560029761113937, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8660254037844386, 0.785196366097891, 0.785196366097891, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6754998149518622, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.785196366097891, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5427092530382482, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6812733176437584, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4214656965084268, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5080682368868706, 0.560029761113937, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6293117934166921, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6293117934166921, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5022947341949744, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4330127018922193, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5253887449625595, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.560029761113937, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4503332099679081, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5022947341949744, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.33486315612998296, 0.31754264805429416, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24826061575153907, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.26558112382722787, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2829016319029166, 0.27712812921102037, 0.31754264805429416, 0.33486315612998296, 0.381051177665153, 0.3521836642056717, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.31754264805429416, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4503332099679081, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7159143337951359, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.94108093877909, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8371578903249574, 0.785196366097891, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6119912853410033, 0.560029761113937, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4676537180435969, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1905255888325765, 0.13856406460551018, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1905255888325765, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.09237604307034013, 0.09237604307034013, 0.08660254037844387, 0.07505553499465135, 0.07505553499465135, 0.12124355652982141, 0.05196152422706632, 0.0404145188432738, 0.09237604307034013, 0.1616580753730952, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24248711305964282, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2829016319029166, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24826061575153907, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.19629909152447275, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17320508075688773, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.31754264805429416, 0.41569219381653055, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.560029761113937, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5022947341949744, 0.560029761113937, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.560029761113937, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5715767664977295, 0.560029761113937, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6293117934166921, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.762102355330306], "x": [0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5715476066494083, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.4409081537009721, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.22861904265976332, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9634659654947169, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.31026870075253593, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8818163074019442, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.718516991216399, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929], "z": [0.75, 0.76, 0.79, 0.81, 0.73, 0.68, 0.72, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.72, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.63, 0.63, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.49, 0.52, 0.49, 0.42, 0.46, 0.46, 0.39, 0.37, 0.36, 0.32, 0.28, 0.31, 0.28, 0.27, 0.3, 0.37, 0.3, 0.32, 0.32, 0.3, 0.18, 0.27, 0.26, 0.24, 0.2, 0.18, 0.16, 0.2, 0.21, 0.17, 0.18, 0.12, 0.17, 0.21, 0.22, 0.25, 0.26, 0.32, 0.36, 0.28, 0.27, 0.33, 0.38, 0.36, 0.39, 0.45, 0.4, 0.42, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.49, 0.49, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.52, 0.52, 0.52, 0.53, 0.49, 0.46, 0.39, 0.46, 0.5, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.65, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.6900000000000001, 0.74, 0.6900000000000001, 0.75, 0.76, 0.78, 0.75, 0.72, 0.7000000000000001, 0.64, 0.6, 0.62, 0.6, 0.54, 0.46, 0.48, 0.46, 0.45, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.58, 0.67, 0.65, 0.66, 0.6, 0.58, 0.48, 0.49, 0.5, 0.54, 0.51, 0.5, 0.48, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.49, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.48, 0.52, 0.49, 0.56, 0.56, 0.49, 0.55, 0.51, 0.48, 0.51, 0.62, 0.66, 0.58, 0.56, 0.61, 0.66, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.56, 0.59, 0.51, 0.52, 0.54, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.36, 0.37, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.38, 0.37, 0.43, 0.4, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.39, 0.34, 0.34, 0.36, 0.39, 0.4, 0.44, 0.42, 0.42, 0.44, 0.48, 0.59, 0.6, 0.55, 0.49, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.56, 0.6, 0.66, 0.68, 0.75, 0.79, 0.74, 0.74, 0.74, 0.76, 0.79, 0.8, 0.87, 0.91, 0.86, 0.91, 0.97, 0.9500000000000001, 0.96, 0.92, 0.96, 0.88, 0.88, 0.87, 0.87, 0.9, 0.89, 0.89, 0.8200000000000001, 0.87, 0.85, 0.9, 0.93, 0.9, 0.89, 0.88, 0.85, 0.8300000000000001, 0.84, 0.81, 0.84, 0.86, 0.9, 0.9, 0.88, 0.85, 0.75, 0.7000000000000001, 0.64, 0.62, 0.66, 0.67, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.74, 0.78, 0.8300000000000001, 0.79, 0.8, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.87, 0.86, 0.9, 0.85, 0.77, 0.79, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.84, 0.87, 0.8300000000000001, 0.92, 0.92, 0.91, 0.87, 0.9400000000000001, 0.92, 0.88, 0.86, 0.8300000000000001, 0.93, 0.91, 0.9, 0.84, 0.79, 0.74, 0.76, 0.73, 0.74, 0.73, 0.8, 0.71, 0.76, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.86, 0.8300000000000001, 0.85, 0.86, 0.86, 0.84, 0.8200000000000001, 0.79, 0.73, 0.81, 0.91, 0.88, 0.84, 0.86, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8, 0.77, 0.76, 0.68, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.74, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.71, 0.77, 0.75, 0.73, 0.8, 0.74, 0.76, 0.7000000000000001, 0.63, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.74, 0.74, 0.67, 0.62, 0.54, 0.58, 0.65, 0.62, 0.61, 0.55, 0.51, 0.54, 0.6, 0.59, 0.65, 0.64, 0.62, 0.6, 0.53, 0.48, 0.5, 0.5, 0.46, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.4, 0.38, 0.3, 0.27, 0.24, 0.34, 0.37, 0.34, 0.34, 0.34, 0.31, 0.33, 0.28, 0.28, 0.23, 0.26, 0.27, 0.28, 0.36, 0.38, 0.39, 0.43, 0.37, 0.34, 0.27, 0.3, 0.29, 0.31, 0.28, 0.28, 0.27, 0.25, 0.32, 0.29, 0.31, 0.25, 0.27, 0.28, 0.18, 0.19, 0.22, 0.26, 0.29, 0.25, 0.27, 0.3, 0.33, 0.28, 0.28, 0.32, 0.28, 0.34, 0.4, 0.45, 0.49, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.54, 0.53, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.58, 0.56, 0.55, 0.55, 0.52, 0.48, 0.4, 0.38, 0.37, 0.31, 0.33, 0.28, 0.29, 0.28, 0.32, 0.3, 0.3, 0.27, 0.18, 0.17, 0.18, 0.13, 0.16, 0.2, 0.19, 0.14, 0.12, 0.14, 0.14, 0.24, 0.26, 0.26, 0.26, 0.26, 0.2, 0.24, 0.19, 0.19, 0.15, 0.16, 0.19, 0.16, 0.15, 0.09, 0.1, 0.17, 0.21, 0.27, 0.29, 0.22, 0.2, 0.17, 0.16, 0.12, 0.13, 0.18, 0.19, 0.25, 0.26, 0.22, 0.25, 0.15, 0.18, 0.19, 0.26, 0.34, 0.33, 0.34, 0.34, 0.34, 0.26, 0.26, 0.25, 0.26, 0.26, 0.17, 0.17, 0.23, 0.23, 0.21, 0.14, 0.16, 0.19, 0.21, 0.23, 0.32, 0.26, 0.26, 0.32, 0.4, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.46, 0.44, 0.44, 0.48, 0.53, 0.54, 0.54, 0.53, 0.51, 0.43, 0.48, 0.55, 0.53, 0.54, 0.54, 0.58, 0.58, 0.52, 0.46, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.55, 0.55, 0.61, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.49, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.51, 0.43, 0.49, 0.42, 0.4, 0.39, 0.4, 0.3, 0.27, 0.23, 0.18, 0.2, 0.11, 0.08, 0.12, 0.09, 0.06, 0.09, 0.07, 0.15, 0.14, 0.19, 0.23, 0.24, 0.17, 0.15, 0.16, 0.17, 0.17, 0.25, 0.29, 0.29, 0.23, 0.19, 0.18, 0.21, 0.24, 0.2, 0.23, 0.22, 0.22, 0.24, 0.17, 0.14, 0.15, 0.2, 0.2, 0.19, 0.26, 0.28, 0.32, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.39, 0.39, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.27, 0.25, 0.2, 0.22, 0.14, 0.07, 0.12, 0.1, 0.13, 0.14, 0.17, 0.08, 0.08, 0.08, 0.19, 0.21, 0.21, 0.14, 0.09, 0.11, 0.16, 0.17, 0.22, 0.18, 0.19, 0.17, 0.19, 0.21, 0.17, 0.24, 0.26, 0.24, 0.28, 0.3, 0.31, 0.32, 0.31, 0.3, 0.33, 0.34, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.53, 0.56, 0.65, 0.63, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.56, 0.53, 0.56, 0.61, 0.59, 0.59, 0.58, 0.54, 0.62, 0.63, 0.6900000000000001, 0.75, 0.76, 0.81, 0.75, 0.65, 0.5700000000000001, 0.64, 0.64, 0.67, 0.76, 0.72, 0.68, 0.71, 0.68, 0.67, 0.65, 0.68, 0.62, 0.56, 0.59, 0.56, 0.65, 0.64, 0.65, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.55, 0.61, 0.61, 0.62, 0.61, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.51, 0.39, 0.38, 0.4, 0.37, 0.36, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.24, 0.28, 0.31, 0.3, 0.28, 0.29, 0.32, 0.36, 0.3, 0.29, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.3, 0.27, 0.29, 0.32, 0.25, 0.25, 0.21, 0.19, 0.23, 0.2, 0.19, 0.21, 0.27, 0.25, 0.23, 0.17, 0.17, 0.17, 0.15, 0.11, 0.15, 0.17, 0.22, 0.25, 0.16, 0.17, 0.2, 0.2, 0.15, 0.13, 0.13, 0.11, 0.15, 0.16, 0.14, 0.1, 0.05, 0.05, 0.13, 0.13, 0.15, 0.16, 0.19, 0.15, 0.15, 0.1, 0.14, 0.19, 0.3, 0.32, 0.33, 0.32, 0.31, 0.34, 0.37, 0.34, 0.32, 0.32, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.5, 0.44, 0.34, 0.29, 0.27, 0.22, 0.17, 0.11, 0.14, 0.14, 0.19, 0.2, 0.18, 0.19, 0.18, 0.22, 0.2, 0.17, 0.18, 0.13, 0.13, 0.14, 0.15, 0.19, 0.17, 0.17, 0.16, 0.26, 0.14, 0.09, 0.11, 0.21, 0.21, 0.27, 0.26, 0.27, 0.34, 0.33, 0.34, 0.32, 0.24, 0.24, 0.2, 0.13, 0.15, 0.14, 0.16, 0.18, 0.15, 0.2, 0.15, 0.13, 0.12, 0.14, 0.08, 0.18, 0.19, 0.28, 0.24, 0.26, 0.27, 0.29, 0.29, 0.23, 0.25, 0.29, 0.33, 0.31, 0.31, 0.29, 0.24, 0.31, 0.33, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.28, 0.34, 0.37, 0.39, 0.38, 0.38, 0.4, 0.45, 0.45, 0.48, 0.45, 0.49, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.55, 0.62, 0.58, 0.6, 0.66, 0.66, 0.64, 0.62, 0.61, 0.53, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.68, 0.71, 0.64, 0.63, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.58, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.39, 0.5, 0.44, 0.52, 0.48, 0.43, 0.45, 0.44, 0.45, 0.44, 0.39, 0.42, 0.48, 0.49, 0.43, 0.55, 0.55, 0.56, 0.58, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.53, 0.53, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.8, 0.8200000000000001, 0.88, 0.87, 0.8200000000000001, 0.85, 0.86, 0.86, 0.79, 0.78, 0.73, 0.8200000000000001, 0.87, 0.84, 0.77, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.66, 0.63, 0.65, 0.72, 0.75, 0.71, 0.8, 0.76, 0.86, 0.87, 0.88, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8, 0.78, 0.79, 0.85, 0.78, 0.84, 0.81, 0.75, 0.76, 0.79, 0.87, 0.86, 0.87, 0.81, 0.75, 0.78, 0.81, 0.81, 0.79, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.65, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.67, 0.67, 0.73, 0.78, 0.77, 0.75, 0.79, 0.75, 0.77, 0.81, 0.84, 0.86, 0.86, 0.92, 0.92, 0.96, 0.96, 0.9500000000000001, 0.9, 0.93, 0.91, 0.9, 0.92, 0.9, 0.9500000000000001, 0.86, 0.89, 0.81, 0.79, 0.81, 0.84]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#a6cee3", "#a6cee3"], "name": "1", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.17897858344878398, 0.12701705922171766, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12701705922171766, 0.12124355652982141, 0.07505553499465135, 0.05196152422706632, 0.1096965511460289, 0.08660254037844387, 0.07505553499465135, 0.12124355652982141, 0.09237604307034013, 0.07505553499465135, 0.08660254037844387, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12701705922171766, 0.09237604307034013, 0.057735026918962574, 0.07505553499465135, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.17897858344878398, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12701705922171766, 0.17320508075688773, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1905255888325765, 0.12124355652982141, 0.17320508075688773, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17320508075688773, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1616580753730952, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12701705922171766, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.10392304845413264, 0.14433756729740643, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1616580753730952, 0.12124355652982141, 0.08660254037844387, 0.09237604307034013, 0.17320508075688773, 0.14433756729740643, 0.19629909152447275, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24826061575153907, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24248711305964282, 0.20784609690826528, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3117691453623979, 0.26558112382722787, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.22516660498395405, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3117691453623979, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.31754264805429416, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.27712812921102037, 0.381051177665153, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.36950417228136045, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1616580753730952, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1905255888325765, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12701705922171766, 0.13856406460551018, 0.15588457268119896, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.15588457268119896, 0.17897858344878398, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12701705922171766, 0.07505553499465135, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.05196152422706632, 0.057735026918962574, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.08660254037844387, 0.15588457268119896, 0.19629909152447275, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1905255888325765, 0.19629909152447275, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.22516660498395405, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24248711305964282, 0.19629909152447275, 0.27712812921102037, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2598076211353316, 0.20784609690826528, 0.20784609690826528, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1905255888325765, 0.2309401076758503, 0.22516660498395405, 0.19629909152447275, 0.12701705922171766, 0.13856406460551018, 0.17320508075688773, 0.10392304845413264, 0.13856406460551018, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24248711305964282, 0.31754264805429416, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3117691453623979, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.31754264805429416, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.30022213997860536, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.45610671265980435, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7332348418708247, 0.785196366097891, 0.7967433714816836, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7678758580222023, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.762102355330306, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8371578903249574, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6408587988004846, 0.536935750346352, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.560029761113937, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4214656965084268, 0.36950417228136045, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.36950417228136045, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3521836642056717, 0.33486315612998296, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.27712812921102037, 0.22516660498395405, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1905255888325765, 0.20784609690826528, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1096965511460289, 0.09237604307034013, 0.07505553499465135, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17320508075688773, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1905255888325765, 0.19629909152447275, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3983716857408418, 0.38682468035704926, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5022947341949744, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.536935750346352, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24248711305964282, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1616580753730952, 0.12124355652982141, 0.17320508075688773, 0.07505553499465135, 0.05196152422706632, 0.057735026918962574, 0.057735026918962574, 0.034641016151377546, 0.05196152422706632, 0.05196152422706632, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1905255888325765, 0.15588457268119896, 0.27712812921102037, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3117691453623979, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.30022213997860536, 0.381051177665153, 0.41569219381653055, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.560029761113937, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.48497422611928565, 0.43878620458411555, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3290896534380867, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24826061575153907, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.27712812921102037, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.560029761113937, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6119912853410033, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.43878620458411555, 0.40414518843273806, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4503332099679081, 0.560029761113937, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6062177826491071, 0.536935750346352, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6235382907247958, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7678758580222023, 0.785196366097891, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7794228634059948, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5888972745734182, 0.536935750346352, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5196152422706632, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.536935750346352, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5542562584220407, 0.48497422611928565, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.27712812921102037, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17897858344878398, 0.12701705922171766, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.22516660498395405, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12701705922171766, 0.06928203230275509, 0.05196152422706632, 0.08660254037844387, 0.1096965511460289, 0.09237604307034013, 0.08660254037844387, 0.08660254037844387, 0.034641016151377546, 0.06928203230275509, 0.023094010767585032, 0.07505553499465135, 0.057735026918962574, 0.06928203230275509, 0.057735026918962574, 0.10392304845413264, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24248711305964282, 0.20784609690826528, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.1905255888325765, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.27712812921102037, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2598076211353316, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.27712812921102037, 0.22516660498395405, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.1616580753730952, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24826061575153907, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2309401076758503, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3637306695894642, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3983716857408418, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4503332099679081, 0.48497422611928565, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4907477288111819, 0.560029761113937, 0.6062177826491071, 0.560029761113937, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.762102355330306, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8660254037844386, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8833459118601275, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.785196366097891, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7678758580222023, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6119912853410033, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3983716857408418, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.30022213997860536, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3290896534380867, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2598076211353316, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17897858344878398, 0.15588457268119896, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24826061575153907, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2829016319029166, 0.36950417228136045, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3983716857408418, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4907477288111819, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8833459118601275, 0.94108093877909, 0.9353074360871938, 0.94108093877909, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9237604307034012, 0.94108093877909, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9353074360871938, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8660254037844386, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7967433714816836, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7967433714816836, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6754998149518622, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.785196366097891, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8544783984006461, 0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948], "x": [0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5552176750308537, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.13063945294843618, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.032659863237109045, 0.09797958971132714, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.11430952132988166, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.032659863237109045, 0.11430952132988166, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.342928563989645, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.1469693845669907, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.11430952132988166, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.24494897427831783, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.032659863237109045, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.09797958971132714, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.1469693845669907, 0.09797958971132714, 0.1469693845669907, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.04898979485566357, 0.032659863237109045, 0.04898979485566357, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.032659863237109045, 0.032659863237109045, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.1469693845669907, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.1469693845669907, 0.09797958971132714, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332], "z": [0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.43, 0.48, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.45, 0.44, 0.45, 0.49, 0.52, 0.6, 0.62, 0.6, 0.65, 0.62, 0.66, 0.62, 0.65, 0.67, 0.58, 0.64, 0.58, 0.61, 0.55, 0.54, 0.5, 0.46, 0.43, 0.36, 0.39, 0.42, 0.5, 0.45, 0.44, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.39, 0.4, 0.43, 0.42, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.51, 0.53, 0.56, 0.46, 0.49, 0.5, 0.56, 0.55, 0.56, 0.46, 0.44, 0.48, 0.53, 0.62, 0.64, 0.64, 0.65, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.64, 0.68, 0.65, 0.64, 0.63, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.72, 0.78, 0.78, 0.84, 0.76, 0.81, 0.79, 0.8, 0.8, 0.72, 0.71, 0.73, 0.74, 0.75, 0.77, 0.7000000000000001, 0.74, 0.74, 0.76, 0.77, 0.75, 0.78, 0.87, 0.84, 0.85, 0.81, 0.81, 0.8, 0.74, 0.77, 0.8200000000000001, 0.89, 0.91, 0.91, 0.92, 0.88, 0.85, 0.85, 0.81, 0.78, 0.74, 0.68, 0.65, 0.65, 0.65, 0.66, 0.68, 0.73, 0.72, 0.77, 0.77, 0.77, 0.78, 0.78, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.65, 0.61, 0.62, 0.64, 0.58, 0.59, 0.71, 0.71, 0.74, 0.67, 0.65, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.73, 0.79, 0.8, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.68, 0.72, 0.75, 0.71, 0.65, 0.64, 0.52, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.53, 0.44, 0.44, 0.42, 0.48, 0.46, 0.46, 0.49, 0.54, 0.55, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.43, 0.39, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.37, 0.34, 0.32, 0.32, 0.34, 0.38, 0.37, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.33, 0.4, 0.38, 0.44, 0.43, 0.42, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.34, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.49, 0.4, 0.42, 0.42, 0.42, 0.42, 0.43, 0.44, 0.5, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.49, 0.5, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.55, 0.55, 0.51, 0.6, 0.56, 0.59, 0.61, 0.63, 0.66, 0.61, 0.56, 0.56, 0.54, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.52, 0.51, 0.45, 0.42, 0.42, 0.45, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.49, 0.51, 0.49, 0.51, 0.53, 0.48, 0.48, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.55, 0.46, 0.48, 0.44, 0.42, 0.52, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.38, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.45, 0.48, 0.53, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.43, 0.4, 0.44, 0.38, 0.42, 0.4, 0.38, 0.43, 0.46, 0.49, 0.49, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.48, 0.52, 0.51, 0.55, 0.52, 0.51, 0.49, 0.43, 0.46, 0.49, 0.42, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.45, 0.46, 0.53, 0.55, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.39, 0.39, 0.4, 0.37, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.36, 0.29, 0.36, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.33, 0.31, 0.3, 0.27, 0.19, 0.2, 0.23, 0.24, 0.17, 0.18, 0.22, 0.23, 0.2, 0.18, 0.18, 0.13, 0.18, 0.21, 0.18, 0.16, 0.18, 0.13, 0.11, 0.13, 0.11, 0.19, 0.3, 0.36, 0.34, 0.34, 0.42, 0.33, 0.36, 0.42, 0.43, 0.46, 0.45, 0.51, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.27, 0.28, 0.33, 0.34, 0.32, 0.24, 0.25, 0.28, 0.23, 0.25, 0.26, 0.28, 0.25, 0.15, 0.24, 0.2, 0.2, 0.22, 0.24, 0.18, 0.22, 0.23, 0.26, 0.22, 0.24, 0.25, 0.21, 0.21, 0.11, 0.12, 0.2, 0.17, 0.09, 0.15, 0.18, 0.08, 0.13, 0.2, 0.15, 0.16, 0.19, 0.2, 0.21, 0.17, 0.24, 0.28, 0.3, 0.31, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.46, 0.48, 0.45, 0.46, 0.45, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.44, 0.43, 0.38, 0.37, 0.36, 0.37, 0.39, 0.4, 0.44, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.42, 0.44, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.37, 0.43, 0.38, 0.46, 0.5, 0.44, 0.46, 0.55, 0.56, 0.58, 0.53, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.4, 0.37, 0.37, 0.38, 0.4, 0.36, 0.38, 0.39, 0.43, 0.46, 0.43, 0.33, 0.23, 0.2, 0.21, 0.19, 0.21, 0.21, 0.27, 0.28, 0.29, 0.25, 0.2, 0.24, 0.3, 0.4, 0.3, 0.26, 0.23, 0.23, 0.27, 0.29, 0.14, 0.14, 0.17, 0.18, 0.19, 0.19, 0.19, 0.19, 0.25, 0.31, 0.31, 0.23, 0.32, 0.37, 0.26, 0.24, 0.21, 0.28, 0.28, 0.27, 0.3, 0.37, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.33, 0.36, 0.37, 0.43, 0.33, 0.42, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.28, 0.22, 0.22, 0.22, 0.22, 0.22, 0.33, 0.4, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.42, 0.48, 0.44, 0.39, 0.38, 0.33, 0.31, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.24, 0.25, 0.26, 0.26, 0.28, 0.31, 0.33, 0.3, 0.32, 0.27, 0.28, 0.32, 0.32, 0.34, 0.31, 0.32, 0.38, 0.36, 0.4, 0.4, 0.37, 0.33, 0.31, 0.29, 0.29, 0.27, 0.24, 0.17, 0.22, 0.19, 0.16, 0.18, 0.21, 0.15, 0.21, 0.23, 0.2, 0.22, 0.21, 0.23, 0.2, 0.13, 0.12, 0.12, 0.15, 0.18, 0.22, 0.21, 0.17, 0.23, 0.19, 0.19, 0.27, 0.23, 0.2, 0.22, 0.2, 0.24, 0.28, 0.21, 0.24, 0.22, 0.29, 0.22, 0.28, 0.27, 0.2, 0.21, 0.22, 0.27, 0.3, 0.38, 0.46, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.48, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.46, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 0.44, 0.44, 0.4, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.48, 0.44, 0.45, 0.46, 0.49, 0.55, 0.58, 0.5, 0.51, 0.53, 0.51, 0.44, 0.49, 0.55, 0.58, 0.52, 0.46, 0.43, 0.42, 0.4, 0.4, 0.44, 0.48, 0.5, 0.44, 0.51, 0.46, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.37, 0.34, 0.36, 0.37, 0.33, 0.36, 0.3, 0.23, 0.14, 0.19, 0.21, 0.26, 0.26, 0.2, 0.15, 0.17, 0.23, 0.24, 0.24, 0.3, 0.28, 0.28, 0.28, 0.28, 0.25, 0.28, 0.32, 0.3, 0.36, 0.39, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.51, 0.53, 0.54, 0.54, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.42, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.37, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.37, 0.36, 0.33, 0.29, 0.38, 0.42, 0.4, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.39, 0.45, 0.59, 0.61, 0.64, 0.66, 0.64, 0.63, 0.64, 0.63, 0.65, 0.64, 0.61, 0.58, 0.63, 0.58, 0.64, 0.6, 0.63, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.61, 0.61, 0.61, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.66, 0.6900000000000001, 0.64, 0.64, 0.63, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.66, 0.66, 0.6, 0.62, 0.62, 0.53, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.5, 0.46, 0.43, 0.37, 0.4, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.29, 0.3, 0.29, 0.28, 0.33, 0.4, 0.4, 0.44, 0.43, 0.44, 0.43, 0.42, 0.45, 0.48, 0.44, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.5, 0.56, 0.54, 0.54, 0.54, 0.55, 0.58, 0.54, 0.55, 0.51, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.6, 0.62, 0.6, 0.52, 0.5, 0.49, 0.46, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.59, 0.62, 0.63, 0.67, 0.53, 0.56, 0.55, 0.53, 0.48, 0.52, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.51, 0.53, 0.52, 0.51, 0.52, 0.48, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.56, 0.58, 0.61, 0.63, 0.61, 0.62, 0.61, 0.74, 0.8, 0.79, 0.78, 0.8, 0.71, 0.63, 0.61, 0.63, 0.59, 0.62, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.61, 0.63, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.76, 0.77, 0.68, 0.67, 0.68, 0.67, 0.66, 0.65, 0.73, 0.75, 0.77, 0.76, 0.76, 0.87, 0.85, 0.81, 0.8, 0.73, 0.72, 0.71, 0.67, 0.71, 0.71, 0.66, 0.72, 0.73, 0.75, 0.76, 0.75, 0.73, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6, 0.61, 0.54, 0.56, 0.62, 0.59, 0.62, 0.63, 0.61, 0.51, 0.44, 0.46, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.42, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.56, 0.59, 0.61, 0.55, 0.62, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.49, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.53, 0.54, 0.55, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.53, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.51, 0.61, 0.6, 0.59, 0.54, 0.59, 0.59, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.51, 0.49, 0.51, 0.54, 0.58, 0.58, 0.53, 0.52, 0.51, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.48, 0.43, 0.45, 0.42, 0.46, 0.48, 0.58, 0.62, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.6, 0.61, 0.66, 0.65, 0.71, 0.66, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.64, 0.59, 0.56, 0.53, 0.5, 0.52, 0.5, 0.55]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#1f78b4", "#1f78b4"], "name": "2", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.560029761113937, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5080682368868706, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2829016319029166, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24248711305964282, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.17320508075688773, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12124355652982141, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1616580753730952, 0.10392304845413264, 0.10392304845413264, 0.10392304845413264, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.13856406460551018, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12701705922171766, 0.22516660498395405, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.15588457268119896, 0.17897858344878398, 0.14433756729740643, 0.10392304845413264, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.1096965511460289, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12124355652982141, 0.13856406460551018, 0.08660254037844387, 0.09237604307034013, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2829016319029166, 0.34641016151377546, 0.38682468035704926, 0.2944486372867091, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3983716857408418, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.762102355330306, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8140638795573724, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7967433714816836, 0.785196366097891, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7505553499465135, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.785196366097891, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.40414518843273806, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2944486372867091, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.34641016151377546, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6119912853410033, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6119912853410033, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5022947341949744, 0.560029761113937, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6581793068761734, 0.560029761113937, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.536935750346352, 0.560029761113937, 0.560029761113937, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5080682368868706, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.381051177665153, 0.3521836642056717, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.762102355330306, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7274613391789284, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8487048957087499, 0.785196366097891, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9353074360871938, 0.94108093877909, 0.94108093877909, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9237604307034012, 0.94108093877909, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7794228634059948, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.36950417228136045, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5196152422706632, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.36950417228136045, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24248711305964282, 0.20784609690826528, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2309401076758503, 0.19629909152447275, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.13856406460551018, 0.07505553499465135, 0.06928203230275509, 0.09237604307034013, 0.13856406460551018, 0.08660254037844387, 0.10392304845413264, 0.1096965511460289, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1905255888325765, 0.15588457268119896, 0.13856406460551018, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.05196152422706632, 0.10392304845413264, 0.0404145188432738, 0.034641016151377546, 0.0404145188432738, 0.06928203230275509, 0.1616580753730952, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5253887449625595, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.4907477288111819, 0.45610671265980435, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.27712812921102037, 0.19629909152447275, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.21361959960016152, 0.20784609690826528, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12701705922171766, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1616580753730952, 0.1616580753730952, 0.06928203230275509, 0.0404145188432738, 0.057735026918962574, 0.09237604307034013, 0.1096965511460289, 0.06928203230275509, 0.07505553499465135, 0.057735026918962574, 0.09237604307034013, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12124355652982141, 0.14433756729740643, 0.21361959960016152, 0.12124355652982141, 0.10392304845413264, 0.07505553499465135, 0.12124355652982141, 0.10392304845413264, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1096965511460289, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1616580753730952, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2944486372867091, 0.24826061575153907, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2309401076758503, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24248711305964282, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1905255888325765, 0.2598076211353316, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17897858344878398, 0.19629909152447275, 0.1905255888325765, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1616580753730952, 0.09237604307034013, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12701705922171766, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1905255888325765, 0.2598076211353316, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2829016319029166, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.36950417228136045, 0.41569219381653055, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.536935750346352, 0.4907477288111819, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.33486315612998296, 0.40414518843273806, 0.36950417228136045, 0.40414518843273806, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3521836642056717, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4907477288111819, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7332348418708247, 0.785196366097891, 0.7967433714816836, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8140638795573724, 0.762102355330306, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.38682468035704926, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5542562584220407, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2944486372867091, 0.24248711305964282, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.19629909152447275, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24826061575153907, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4330127018922193, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4907477288111819, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4214656965084268, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5715767664977295, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7332348418708247, 0.762102355330306, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5022947341949744, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5022947341949744, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24248711305964282, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.20784609690826528, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24826061575153907, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2944486372867091, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.21361959960016152, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24248711305964282, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.21361959960016152, 0.15588457268119896, 0.15588457268119896, 0.10392304845413264, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1905255888325765, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.21361959960016152, 0.20784609690826528, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3117691453623979, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.24248711305964282, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3637306695894642, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2829016319029166, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555], "x": [0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9471360338761623, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9634659654947169, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754], "z": [0.51, 0.49, 0.51, 0.5, 0.56, 0.59, 0.59, 0.6, 0.59, 0.54, 0.58, 0.58, 0.58, 0.58, 0.55, 0.64, 0.66, 0.56, 0.61, 0.58, 0.58, 0.63, 0.63, 0.59, 0.6, 0.6, 0.62, 0.6, 0.55, 0.49, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.43, 0.45, 0.44, 0.45, 0.45, 0.39, 0.38, 0.43, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.42, 0.44, 0.4, 0.45, 0.53, 0.51, 0.55, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.53, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.67, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.75, 0.72, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.63, 0.63, 0.58, 0.65, 0.56, 0.5700000000000001, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.44, 0.39, 0.39, 0.42, 0.42, 0.44, 0.46, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.39, 0.34, 0.36, 0.36, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.42, 0.4, 0.42, 0.38, 0.37, 0.34, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.38, 0.39, 0.33, 0.27, 0.31, 0.28, 0.28, 0.26, 0.37, 0.34, 0.32, 0.32, 0.39, 0.4, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.5, 0.5, 0.54, 0.61, 0.64, 0.64, 0.61, 0.58, 0.58, 0.62, 0.64, 0.62, 0.65, 0.66, 0.58, 0.5, 0.5, 0.44, 0.42, 0.34, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.31, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.49, 0.46, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.4, 0.42, 0.42, 0.39, 0.39, 0.45, 0.44, 0.48, 0.51, 0.46, 0.45, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.48, 0.5, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.48, 0.46, 0.44, 0.37, 0.34, 0.36, 0.39, 0.42, 0.39, 0.43, 0.4, 0.29, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.48, 0.53, 0.53, 0.55, 0.53, 0.59, 0.59, 0.63, 0.58, 0.63, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.65, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.74, 0.8, 0.87, 0.81, 0.8, 0.84, 0.89, 0.91, 0.91, 0.88, 0.9, 0.93, 0.93, 0.9500000000000001, 0.87, 0.88, 0.84, 0.84, 0.77, 0.81, 0.84, 0.86, 0.84, 0.8300000000000001, 0.72, 0.76, 0.72, 0.79, 0.84, 0.79, 0.73, 0.73, 0.8200000000000001, 0.86, 0.89, 0.88, 0.88, 0.86, 0.79, 0.8300000000000001, 0.81, 0.8, 0.74, 0.78, 0.7000000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.59, 0.49, 0.45, 0.44, 0.46, 0.36, 0.36, 0.45, 0.51, 0.54, 0.54, 0.5, 0.52, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.52, 0.54, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.4, 0.39, 0.42, 0.37, 0.4, 0.46, 0.45, 0.43, 0.39, 0.37, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.31, 0.24, 0.23, 0.2, 0.24, 0.2, 0.23, 0.21, 0.2, 0.23, 0.22, 0.25, 0.31, 0.29, 0.29, 0.24, 0.32, 0.26, 0.3, 0.34, 0.38, 0.4, 0.44, 0.46, 0.52, 0.55, 0.55, 0.66, 0.75, 0.8200000000000001, 0.88, 0.87, 0.85, 0.81, 0.74, 0.79, 0.79, 0.8, 0.8, 0.72, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.63, 0.59, 0.55, 0.61, 0.59, 0.49, 0.44, 0.46, 0.49, 0.42, 0.38, 0.39, 0.4, 0.44, 0.43, 0.49, 0.55, 0.49, 0.54, 0.46, 0.46, 0.53, 0.58, 0.54, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.5, 0.44, 0.49, 0.43, 0.43, 0.53, 0.49, 0.54, 0.59, 0.56, 0.48, 0.45, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.28, 0.32, 0.32, 0.37, 0.37, 0.38, 0.34, 0.4, 0.39, 0.45, 0.44, 0.38, 0.46, 0.49, 0.49, 0.58, 0.56, 0.5700000000000001, 0.6, 0.64, 0.6, 0.55, 0.6, 0.56, 0.63, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.62, 0.65, 0.66, 0.66, 0.61, 0.61, 0.6, 0.6, 0.55, 0.59, 0.6, 0.54, 0.55, 0.46, 0.49, 0.44, 0.53, 0.51, 0.4, 0.42, 0.43, 0.39, 0.48, 0.5, 0.51, 0.55, 0.53, 0.49, 0.48, 0.48, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.48, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.39, 0.33, 0.34, 0.28, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.45, 0.44, 0.44, 0.44, 0.48, 0.54, 0.54, 0.52, 0.48, 0.52, 0.52, 0.49, 0.46, 0.4, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.45, 0.49, 0.5700000000000001, 0.65, 0.6, 0.53, 0.58, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5, 0.53, 0.5, 0.51, 0.44, 0.48, 0.56, 0.51, 0.54, 0.53, 0.49, 0.43, 0.38, 0.39, 0.45, 0.49, 0.43, 0.39, 0.4, 0.46, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.45, 0.44, 0.44, 0.39, 0.38, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.28, 0.24, 0.2, 0.23, 0.2, 0.09, 0.03, 0.04, 0.05, 0.04, 0.12, 0.16, 0.1, 0.1, 0.08, 0.06, 0.18, 0.16, 0.14, 0.15, 0.11, 0.12, 0.06, 0.04, 0.1, 0.14, 0.13, 0.16, 0.15, 0.2, 0.22, 0.24, 0.21, 0.26, 0.28, 0.29, 0.24, 0.21, 0.19, 0.22, 0.22, 0.2, 0.22, 0.24, 0.2, 0.19, 0.2, 0.22, 0.28, 0.25, 0.27, 0.25, 0.22, 0.27, 0.3, 0.36, 0.37, 0.38, 0.42, 0.4, 0.4, 0.44, 0.36, 0.24, 0.16, 0.21, 0.26, 0.23, 0.25, 0.22, 0.27, 0.24, 0.13, 0.15, 0.2, 0.19, 0.24, 0.26, 0.27, 0.25, 0.22, 0.2, 0.14, 0.09, 0.09, 0.05, 0.12, 0.06, 0.08, 0.08, 0.09, 0.1, 0.12, 0.08, 0.14, 0.18, 0.2, 0.14, 0.15, 0.15, 0.18, 0.15, 0.13, 0.22, 0.17, 0.22, 0.21, 0.17, 0.21, 0.2, 0.26, 0.28, 0.24, 0.31, 0.23, 0.22, 0.25, 0.29, 0.3, 0.34, 0.32, 0.3, 0.32, 0.39, 0.42, 0.38, 0.37, 0.34, 0.31, 0.36, 0.44, 0.45, 0.37, 0.39, 0.43, 0.35000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.45, 0.45, 0.42, 0.44, 0.45, 0.52, 0.5, 0.44, 0.42, 0.38, 0.37, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.44, 0.37, 0.36, 0.39, 0.32, 0.34, 0.34, 0.28, 0.32, 0.29, 0.31, 0.21, 0.27, 0.3, 0.31, 0.32, 0.31, 0.36, 0.39, 0.37, 0.38, 0.48, 0.44, 0.42, 0.51, 0.53, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.55, 0.58, 0.61, 0.64, 0.68, 0.66, 0.63, 0.68, 0.64, 0.66, 0.66, 0.61, 0.62, 0.63, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.53, 0.54, 0.53, 0.52, 0.53, 0.65, 0.62, 0.56, 0.55, 0.55, 0.55, 0.53, 0.53, 0.52, 0.52, 0.54, 0.58, 0.64, 0.64, 0.66, 0.65, 0.74, 0.71, 0.78, 0.76, 0.81, 0.8, 0.85, 0.92, 0.9, 0.88, 0.86, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8, 0.78, 0.78, 0.78, 0.75, 0.75, 0.78, 0.76, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.67, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.65, 0.63, 0.6, 0.63, 0.6, 0.58, 0.62, 0.64, 0.67, 0.7000000000000001, 0.73, 0.67, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.64, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.75, 0.72, 0.71, 0.73, 0.72, 0.72, 0.63, 0.62, 0.66, 0.65, 0.67, 0.68, 0.67, 0.67, 0.71, 0.79, 0.84, 0.87, 0.81, 0.8200000000000001, 0.79, 0.75, 0.78, 0.73, 0.71, 0.67, 0.71, 0.68, 0.61, 0.6, 0.58, 0.56, 0.55, 0.52, 0.52, 0.5, 0.5, 0.49, 0.45, 0.44, 0.45, 0.44, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.43, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.3, 0.32, 0.27, 0.26, 0.23, 0.3, 0.22, 0.21, 0.16, 0.21, 0.25, 0.28, 0.27, 0.25, 0.19, 0.2, 0.18, 0.15, 0.17, 0.16, 0.18, 0.15, 0.16, 0.11, 0.18, 0.15, 0.18, 0.24, 0.19, 0.24, 0.25, 0.19, 0.17, 0.17, 0.14, 0.12, 0.09, 0.17, 0.15, 0.19, 0.24, 0.22, 0.2, 0.17, 0.14, 0.13, 0.14, 0.16, 0.22, 0.21, 0.23, 0.19, 0.17, 0.16, 0.15, 0.16, 0.14, 0.14, 0.14, 0.11, 0.1, 0.17, 0.19, 0.08, 0.13, 0.09, 0.13, 0.24, 0.28, 0.26, 0.32, 0.29, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.39, 0.39, 0.45, 0.39, 0.33, 0.29, 0.27, 0.24, 0.29, 0.24, 0.28, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.29, 0.32, 0.26, 0.22, 0.2, 0.17, 0.23, 0.26, 0.31, 0.39, 0.45, 0.38, 0.39, 0.38, 0.42, 0.46, 0.5, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.42, 0.46, 0.38, 0.43, 0.45, 0.48, 0.45, 0.38, 0.39, 0.42, 0.48, 0.43, 0.38, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.46, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.59, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.49, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5, 0.5700000000000001, 0.47000000000000003, 0.51, 0.55, 0.63, 0.61, 0.65, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.73, 0.76, 0.74, 0.67, 0.66, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.72, 0.72, 0.74, 0.72, 0.78, 0.74, 0.74, 0.75, 0.77, 0.76, 0.78, 0.8300000000000001, 0.88, 0.91, 0.92, 0.93, 0.9500000000000001, 0.9500000000000001, 0.93, 0.92, 0.93, 0.92, 0.9400000000000001, 0.93, 0.9400000000000001, 0.92, 0.89, 0.9400000000000001, 0.93, 0.9]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#b2df8a", "#b2df8a"], "name": "3", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.785196366097891, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8544783984006461, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7794228634059948, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8717989064763348, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.762102355330306, 0.8313843876330611, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8487048957087499, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.536935750346352, 0.40414518843273806, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4330127018922193, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.536935750346352, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.536935750346352, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.48497422611928565, 0.43878620458411555, 0.40414518843273806, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7794228634059948, 0.762102355330306, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7794228634059948, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8371578903249574, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6812733176437584, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5022947341949744, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3983716857408418, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3290896534380867, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6812733176437584, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8313843876330611, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.43878620458411555, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.33486315612998296, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.36950417228136045, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.40414518843273806, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5022947341949744, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5542562584220407, 0.560029761113937, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3637306695894642, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4676537180435969, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.381051177665153, 0.3117691453623979, 0.34641016151377546, 0.41569219381653055, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3117691453623979, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3983716857408418, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3983716857408418, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4214656965084268, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.8198373822492686, 0.762102355330306, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7274613391789284, 0.762102355330306, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7332348418708247, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.785196366097891, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8140638795573724, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.560029761113937, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3521836642056717, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3637306695894642, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.38682468035704926, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3117691453623979, 0.24248711305964282, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.30022213997860536, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.40414518843273806, 0.34641016151377546, 0.38682468035704926, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3983716857408418, 0.36950417228136045, 0.41569219381653055, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5022947341949744, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4214656965084268, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.38682468035704926, 0.41569219381653055, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4907477288111819, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4214656965084268, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5022947341949744, 0.43878620458411555, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.41569219381653055, 0.36950417228136045, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3117691453623979, 0.33486315612998296, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3637306695894642, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.27712812921102037, 0.20784609690826528, 0.15588457268119896, 0.08660254037844387, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17897858344878398, 0.19629909152447275, 0.14433756729740643, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12124355652982141, 0.10392304845413264, 0.17320508075688773, 0.13856406460551018, 0.14433756729740643, 0.20784609690826528, 0.20784609690826528, 0.07505553499465135, 0.12124355652982141, 0.07505553499465135, 0.12701705922171766, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1616580753730952, 0.19629909152447275, 0.20784609690826528, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3290896534380867, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3117691453623979, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2598076211353316, 0.3117691453623979, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.34641016151377546, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.36950417228136045, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3117691453623979, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9064399226277124, 0.94108093877909, 0.94108093877909, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8660254037844386, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.785196366097891, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5542562584220407, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5542562584220407, 0.560029761113937, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.560029761113937, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5196152422706632, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5196152422706632, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.536935750346352, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5888972745734182, 0.536935750346352, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.43878620458411555, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3637306695894642, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418], "x": [0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.751176854453508, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.06531972647421809, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.7838367176906171, 0.718516991216399, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.718516991216399, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.47356801693808115, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4082482904638631, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.375588427226754, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171], "z": [0.24, 0.27, 0.28, 0.24, 0.25, 0.25, 0.3, 0.27, 0.21, 0.18, 0.19, 0.22, 0.25, 0.26, 0.2, 0.3, 0.29, 0.37, 0.32, 0.31, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.42, 0.46, 0.5, 0.49, 0.51, 0.53, 0.56, 0.52, 0.56, 0.64, 0.61, 0.67, 0.63, 0.61, 0.59, 0.64, 0.64, 0.61, 0.56, 0.54, 0.53, 0.54, 0.62, 0.59, 0.67, 0.73, 0.79, 0.8, 0.74, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.63, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.63, 0.7000000000000001, 0.74, 0.67, 0.64, 0.71, 0.75, 0.73, 0.71, 0.77, 0.8, 0.8300000000000001, 0.78, 0.76, 0.78, 0.72, 0.74, 0.75, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.71, 0.64, 0.59, 0.59, 0.61, 0.56, 0.59, 0.6, 0.64, 0.67, 0.72, 0.72, 0.72, 0.66, 0.66, 0.64, 0.61, 0.61, 0.63, 0.62, 0.62, 0.56, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.59, 0.56, 0.54, 0.62, 0.58, 0.62, 0.62, 0.63, 0.59, 0.61, 0.61, 0.65, 0.54, 0.5, 0.5, 0.52, 0.49, 0.49, 0.48, 0.46, 0.48, 0.48, 0.49, 0.45, 0.42, 0.42, 0.53, 0.44, 0.5, 0.48, 0.51, 0.56, 0.6, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.55, 0.53, 0.54, 0.55, 0.49, 0.46, 0.44, 0.38, 0.3, 0.25, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.32, 0.33, 0.37, 0.38, 0.39, 0.31, 0.26, 0.22, 0.18, 0.19, 0.2, 0.23, 0.19, 0.2, 0.18, 0.23, 0.23, 0.22, 0.3, 0.34, 0.34, 0.38, 0.4, 0.37, 0.4, 0.34, 0.32, 0.26, 0.26, 0.25, 0.26, 0.28, 0.26, 0.32, 0.29, 0.36, 0.32, 0.37, 0.36, 0.38, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.56, 0.53, 0.5, 0.48, 0.5, 0.52, 0.54, 0.5, 0.52, 0.52, 0.55, 0.54, 0.6, 0.56, 0.53, 0.5, 0.55, 0.58, 0.6, 0.55, 0.59, 0.54, 0.56, 0.58, 0.59, 0.61, 0.67, 0.63, 0.6, 0.7000000000000001, 0.66, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.67, 0.63, 0.6900000000000001, 0.62, 0.67, 0.7000000000000001, 0.75, 0.73, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.62, 0.59, 0.58, 0.56, 0.53, 0.55, 0.54, 0.46, 0.39, 0.43, 0.4, 0.4, 0.27, 0.33, 0.25, 0.26, 0.29, 0.27, 0.22, 0.22, 0.17, 0.21, 0.21, 0.15, 0.12, 0.1, 0.1, 0.06, 0.03, 0.12, 0.11, 0.12, 0.13, 0.14, 0.07, 0.09, 0.07, 0.1, 0.07, 0.13, 0.19, 0.23, 0.2, 0.14, 0.16, 0.2, 0.17, 0.15, 0.14, 0.08, 0.1, 0.06, 0.08, 0.1, 0.12, 0.11, 0.14, 0.11, 0.04, 0.04, 0.06, 0.09, 0.17, 0.22, 0.22, 0.23, 0.27, 0.23, 0.16, 0.22, 0.18, 0.2, 0.19, 0.22, 0.24, 0.25, 0.24, 0.22, 0.29, 0.27, 0.23, 0.21, 0.25, 0.22, 0.22, 0.23, 0.19, 0.17, 0.2, 0.27, 0.29, 0.31, 0.31, 0.39, 0.38, 0.36, 0.37, 0.33, 0.29, 0.25, 0.22, 0.16, 0.2, 0.2, 0.15, 0.12, 0.09, 0.08, 0.07, 0.09, 0.05, 0.08, 0.11, 0.1, 0.11, 0.11, 0.15, 0.14, 0.14, 0.1, 0.16, 0.24, 0.26, 0.18, 0.18, 0.16, 0.23, 0.22, 0.24, 0.22, 0.2, 0.2, 0.23, 0.18, 0.18, 0.2, 0.26, 0.25, 0.24, 0.26, 0.2, 0.23, 0.19, 0.28, 0.21, 0.24, 0.23, 0.14, 0.11, 0.09, 0.08, 0.21, 0.19, 0.16, 0.13, 0.1, 0.11, 0.11, 0.06, 0.07, 0.04, 0.1, 0.13, 0.15, 0.2, 0.15, 0.1, 0.17, 0.18, 0.19, 0.19, 0.26, 0.21, 0.17, 0.18, 0.1, 0.04, 0.05, 0.07, 0.05, 0.16, 0.2, 0.21, 0.3, 0.36, 0.45, 0.45, 0.39, 0.39, 0.42, 0.42, 0.39, 0.38, 0.31, 0.33, 0.32, 0.34, 0.4, 0.4, 0.48, 0.46, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.58, 0.54, 0.53, 0.49, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.67, 0.71, 0.66, 0.64, 0.64, 0.5700000000000001, 0.45, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.31, 0.26, 0.31, 0.32, 0.26, 0.29, 0.31, 0.32, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.58, 0.62, 0.56, 0.45, 0.43, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.36, 0.34, 0.34, 0.3, 0.31, 0.38, 0.32, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.39, 0.4, 0.36, 0.36, 0.32, 0.32, 0.27, 0.24, 0.31, 0.32, 0.32, 0.3, 0.3, 0.33, 0.26, 0.29, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.41000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.51, 0.52, 0.55, 0.51, 0.5, 0.5, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.44, 0.37, 0.38, 0.33, 0.3, 0.2, 0.26, 0.25, 0.25, 0.24, 0.21, 0.2, 0.19, 0.19, 0.22, 0.28, 0.26, 0.32, 0.25, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.31, 0.25, 0.28, 0.27, 0.21, 0.21, 0.27, 0.24, 0.24, 0.2, 0.18, 0.12, 0.09, 0.13, 0.17, 0.16, 0.2, 0.24, 0.27, 0.21, 0.21, 0.22, 0.21, 0.19, 0.16, 0.13, 0.15, 0.16, 0.24, 0.29, 0.23, 0.22, 0.16, 0.14, 0.14, 0.09, 0.08, 0.12, 0.16, 0.15, 0.2, 0.13, 0.13, 0.14, 0.12, 0.1, 0.16, 0.15, 0.19, 0.22, 0.27, 0.21, 0.24, 0.28, 0.21, 0.25, 0.22, 0.23, 0.24, 0.22, 0.18, 0.22, 0.17, 0.17, 0.19, 0.16, 0.19, 0.11, 0.08, 0.07, 0.09, 0.14, 0.18, 0.27, 0.21, 0.19, 0.22, 0.24, 0.25, 0.26, 0.32, 0.38, 0.39, 0.36, 0.33, 0.37, 0.4, 0.43, 0.44, 0.42, 0.46, 0.5, 0.49, 0.48, 0.56, 0.51, 0.51, 0.45, 0.43, 0.49, 0.51, 0.48, 0.56, 0.59, 0.63, 0.58, 0.59, 0.64, 0.73, 0.72, 0.58, 0.55, 0.54, 0.56, 0.6, 0.56, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.56, 0.59, 0.62, 0.58, 0.64, 0.63, 0.7000000000000001, 0.63, 0.51, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.63, 0.56, 0.56, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.63, 0.58, 0.51, 0.48, 0.49, 0.42, 0.38, 0.34, 0.31, 0.28, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.37, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.4, 0.46, 0.44, 0.49, 0.46, 0.52, 0.62, 0.59, 0.61, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.68, 0.68, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.61, 0.64, 0.6, 0.6, 0.6, 0.66, 0.63, 0.62, 0.58, 0.56, 0.62, 0.62, 0.65, 0.68, 0.71, 0.77, 0.72, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.62, 0.61, 0.64, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.65, 0.64, 0.65, 0.62, 0.56, 0.56, 0.56, 0.59, 0.63, 0.54, 0.54, 0.54, 0.58, 0.61, 0.6, 0.63, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6, 0.52, 0.51, 0.51, 0.52, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.42, 0.4, 0.43, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.44, 0.46, 0.43, 0.42, 0.46, 0.52, 0.53, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.46, 0.51, 0.62, 0.62, 0.55, 0.66, 0.71, 0.64, 0.63, 0.65, 0.68, 0.68, 0.65, 0.65, 0.66, 0.65, 0.61, 0.59, 0.6, 0.59, 0.61, 0.6, 0.61, 0.64, 0.6900000000000001, 0.78, 0.76, 0.78, 0.74, 0.7000000000000001, 0.75, 0.8, 0.81, 0.8, 0.8, 0.81, 0.81, 0.8200000000000001, 0.76, 0.73, 0.73, 0.71, 0.62, 0.68, 0.74, 0.7000000000000001, 0.73, 0.8, 0.84, 0.77, 0.73, 0.73, 0.74, 0.71, 0.62, 0.62, 0.61, 0.65, 0.53, 0.52, 0.45, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.49, 0.55, 0.53, 0.49, 0.44, 0.5, 0.46, 0.46, 0.51, 0.58, 0.6, 0.62, 0.71, 0.71, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.75, 0.66, 0.59, 0.52, 0.58, 0.62, 0.63, 0.61, 0.58, 0.56, 0.59, 0.56, 0.6, 0.66, 0.72, 0.76, 0.84, 0.86, 0.88, 0.88, 0.77, 0.74, 0.7000000000000001, 0.66, 0.65, 0.61, 0.63, 0.6, 0.63, 0.65, 0.58, 0.55, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.55, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.59, 0.56, 0.64, 0.62, 0.56, 0.53, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.42, 0.42, 0.45, 0.54, 0.48, 0.48, 0.52, 0.56, 0.61, 0.61, 0.66, 0.66, 0.65, 0.5700000000000001, 0.63, 0.71, 0.75, 0.79, 0.8200000000000001, 0.77, 0.73, 0.75, 0.76, 0.75, 0.79, 0.8300000000000001, 0.77, 0.73, 0.72, 0.66, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.48, 0.52, 0.54, 0.52, 0.54, 0.53, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.46, 0.52, 0.53, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.33, 0.38, 0.45, 0.48, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.48, 0.51, 0.59, 0.59, 0.63, 0.71, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.76, 0.75, 0.73, 0.71, 0.73, 0.77, 0.79, 0.87]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#33a02c", "#33a02c"], "name": "4", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.48497422611928565, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5715767664977295, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.560029761113937, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.536935750346352, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.21361959960016152, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24826061575153907, 0.1905255888325765, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1905255888325765, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1905255888325765, 0.13856406460551018, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1096965511460289, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1096965511460289, 0.14433756729740643, 0.13856406460551018, 0.08660254037844387, 0.034641016151377546, 0.05196152422706632, 0.05196152422706632, 0.09237604307034013, 0.06928203230275509, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.15588457268119896, 0.10392304845413264, 0.07505553499465135, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12124355652982141, 0.15588457268119896, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1096965511460289, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17897858344878398, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1905255888325765, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17320508075688773, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.20784609690826528, 0.15588457268119896, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3637306695894642, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.1905255888325765, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.26558112382722787, 0.31754264805429416, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4214656965084268, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.4330127018922193, 0.33486315612998296, 0.36950417228136045, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4214656965084268, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.40414518843273806, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6754998149518622, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5253887449625595, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.560029761113937, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6985938257194472, 0.5888972745734182, 0.536935750346352, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8313843876330611, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9064399226277124, 0.94108093877909, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9237604307034012, 0.94108093877909, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8140638795573724, 0.762102355330306, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.785196366097891, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6754998149518622, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4503332099679081, 0.40414518843273806, 0.33486315612998296, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2598076211353316, 0.3290896534380867, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5022947341949744, 0.3983716857408418, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3290896534380867, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1905255888325765, 0.19629909152447275, 0.21361959960016152, 0.15588457268119896, 0.12124355652982141, 0.10392304845413264, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12701705922171766, 0.06928203230275509, 0.07505553499465135, 0.09237604307034013, 0.06928203230275509, 0.06928203230275509, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12701705922171766, 0.14433756729740643, 0.24826061575153907, 0.1905255888325765, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3117691453623979, 0.34641016151377546, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2829016319029166, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2944486372867091, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3117691453623979, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.36950417228136045, 0.40414518843273806, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4330127018922193, 0.38682468035704926, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.34641016151377546, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.40414518843273806, 0.381051177665153, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2598076211353316, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2598076211353316, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2944486372867091, 0.33486315612998296, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6812733176437584, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7678758580222023, 0.785196366097891, 0.7159143337951359, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.762102355330306, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7332348418708247, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5022947341949744, 0.560029761113937, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7159143337951359, 0.762102355330306, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5542562584220407, 0.560029761113937, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5080682368868706, 0.560029761113937, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4214656965084268, 0.41569219381653055, 0.41569219381653055, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3521836642056717, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5022947341949744, 0.43878620458411555, 0.48497422611928565, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8660254037844386, 0.94108093877909, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7967433714816836, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6293117934166921, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9584014468547788, 0.94108093877909, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9526279441628825, 0.94108093877909, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.94108093877909, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7678758580222023, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.785196366097891, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6928203230275509, 0.785196366097891, 0.7274613391789284, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8487048957087499, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9757219549304675, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9353074360871938, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9353074360871938, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7505553499465135, 0.762102355330306, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6119912853410033, 0.560029761113937, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.560029761113937, 0.6062177826491071, 0.560029761113937, 0.6293117934166921, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5080682368868706, 0.560029761113937, 0.536935750346352, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4503332099679081, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4907477288111819, 0.536935750346352, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.45610671265980435, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.36950417228136045, 0.43878620458411555, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3521836642056717, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3637306695894642, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.34641016151377546, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5946707772653145, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5196152422706632, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2309401076758503, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1616580753730952, 0.09237604307034013, 0.15588457268119896, 0.09237604307034013, 0.07505553499465135, 0.0404145188432738, 0.08660254037844387, 0.057735026918962574, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.20784609690826528, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24826061575153907, 0.3117691453623979, 0.24826061575153907, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3117691453623979, 0.24826061575153907, 0.17320508075688773, 0.13856406460551018, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2309401076758503, 0.15588457268119896, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.22516660498395405, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2944486372867091, 0.34641016151377546, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4503332099679081, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.536935750346352, 0.536935750346352, 0.5946707772653145, 0.560029761113937, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.560029761113937, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5427092530382482], "x": [0.17962924780409975, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.06531972647421809, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.751176854453508, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9471360338761623, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9471360338761623, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907], "z": [0.65, 0.66, 0.65, 0.6900000000000001, 0.72, 0.78, 0.77, 0.75, 0.74, 0.72, 0.71, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.72, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.75, 0.73, 0.68, 0.67, 0.61, 0.6, 0.59, 0.61, 0.58, 0.51, 0.54, 0.59, 0.58, 0.48, 0.51, 0.5, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.54, 0.54, 0.56, 0.54, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.54, 0.6, 0.52, 0.49, 0.52, 0.53, 0.56, 0.64, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.53, 0.56, 0.58, 0.61, 0.62, 0.61, 0.6, 0.55, 0.53, 0.53, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.51, 0.54, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.46, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.59, 0.62, 0.67, 0.61, 0.56, 0.53, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.62, 0.68, 0.64, 0.64, 0.61, 0.63, 0.62, 0.55, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.51, 0.5, 0.51, 0.48, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.48, 0.51, 0.52, 0.46, 0.44, 0.39, 0.43, 0.42, 0.54, 0.58, 0.59, 0.59, 0.53, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.4, 0.45, 0.53, 0.46, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.33, 0.31, 0.22, 0.27, 0.19, 0.19, 0.12, 0.09, 0.12, 0.17, 0.21, 0.24, 0.23, 0.19, 0.23, 0.24, 0.29, 0.24, 0.16, 0.16, 0.13, 0.2, 0.25, 0.29, 0.34, 0.22, 0.16, 0.18, 0.24, 0.28, 0.26, 0.25, 0.24, 0.23, 0.25, 0.24, 0.28, 0.32, 0.28, 0.25, 0.28, 0.32, 0.29, 0.29, 0.32, 0.36, 0.32, 0.28, 0.25, 0.28, 0.3, 0.22, 0.17, 0.13, 0.1, 0.08, 0.18, 0.06, 0.09, 0.06, 0.21, 0.27, 0.29, 0.24, 0.26, 0.27, 0.27, 0.34, 0.32, 0.29, 0.22, 0.25, 0.21, 0.25, 0.29, 0.34, 0.34, 0.36, 0.43, 0.46, 0.51, 0.5, 0.51, 0.53, 0.56, 0.65, 0.6, 0.65, 0.65, 0.59, 0.63, 0.64, 0.62, 0.65, 0.67, 0.63, 0.68, 0.67, 0.55, 0.51, 0.53, 0.54, 0.55, 0.54, 0.65, 0.58, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.53, 0.52, 0.58, 0.51, 0.55, 0.53, 0.48, 0.51, 0.59, 0.61, 0.61, 0.6, 0.68, 0.62, 0.61, 0.67, 0.68, 0.61, 0.63, 0.72, 0.74, 0.8200000000000001, 0.84, 0.84, 0.86, 0.91, 0.91, 0.91, 0.9, 0.9400000000000001, 0.89, 0.86, 0.88, 0.9, 0.81, 0.84, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.79, 0.81, 0.81, 0.8200000000000001, 0.79, 0.8, 0.79, 0.81, 0.85, 0.86, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.78, 0.8300000000000001, 0.79, 0.81, 0.78, 0.78, 0.77, 0.78, 0.7000000000000001, 0.75, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.75, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.51, 0.49, 0.49, 0.51, 0.51, 0.5, 0.51, 0.54, 0.49, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.58, 0.62, 0.64, 0.59, 0.58, 0.56, 0.56, 0.61, 0.58, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.63, 0.7000000000000001, 0.77, 0.75, 0.77, 0.73, 0.73, 0.76, 0.6900000000000001, 0.62, 0.65, 0.61, 0.65, 0.75, 0.7000000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.61, 0.66, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.75, 0.78, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.76, 0.78, 0.8200000000000001, 0.75, 0.79, 0.81, 0.75, 0.74, 0.76, 0.72, 0.74, 0.73, 0.71, 0.73, 0.72, 0.72, 0.67, 0.66, 0.63, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.74, 0.8, 0.77, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.76, 0.81, 0.76, 0.79, 0.77, 0.75, 0.78, 0.73, 0.72, 0.74, 0.81, 0.86, 0.77, 0.81, 0.92, 0.9400000000000001, 0.88, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.79, 0.78, 0.66, 0.66, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.52, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.63, 0.67, 0.61, 0.58, 0.56, 0.63, 0.59, 0.53, 0.54, 0.59, 0.59, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.49, 0.46, 0.42, 0.49, 0.53, 0.55, 0.56, 0.61, 0.59, 0.55, 0.5, 0.5, 0.54, 0.43, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.44, 0.49, 0.5, 0.53, 0.56, 0.53, 0.47000000000000003, 0.42, 0.36, 0.3, 0.23, 0.21, 0.29, 0.28, 0.2, 0.15, 0.11, 0.11, 0.09, 0.08, 0.09, 0.14, 0.11, 0.14, 0.13, 0.16, 0.14, 0.13, 0.16, 0.19, 0.19, 0.11, 0.08, 0.11, 0.11, 0.06, 0.14, 0.19, 0.13, 0.13, 0.05, 0.16, 0.21, 0.24, 0.24, 0.14, 0.08, 0.12, 0.13, 0.18, 0.25, 0.24, 0.2, 0.2, 0.09, 0.18, 0.17, 0.16, 0.18, 0.2, 0.18, 0.16, 0.17, 0.2, 0.11, 0.11, 0.11, 0.13, 0.17, 0.16, 0.17, 0.17, 0.21, 0.22, 0.31, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.32, 0.32, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.32, 0.26, 0.29, 0.29, 0.34, 0.28, 0.29, 0.36, 0.4, 0.43, 0.43, 0.42, 0.38, 0.32, 0.33, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.51, 0.37, 0.38, 0.42, 0.43, 0.43, 0.45, 0.4, 0.42, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.38, 0.39, 0.45, 0.46, 0.5, 0.54, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.53, 0.52, 0.55, 0.49, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.46, 0.49, 0.49, 0.49, 0.56, 0.63, 0.54, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.72, 0.65, 0.61, 0.6, 0.61, 0.63, 0.68, 0.66, 0.67, 0.72, 0.76, 0.64, 0.61, 0.66, 0.65, 0.61, 0.58, 0.64, 0.66, 0.66, 0.66, 0.66, 0.61, 0.61, 0.6, 0.63, 0.66, 0.71, 0.73, 0.73, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.66, 0.68, 0.63, 0.61, 0.58, 0.53, 0.52, 0.54, 0.49, 0.5, 0.45, 0.52, 0.61, 0.64, 0.61, 0.54, 0.55, 0.52, 0.59, 0.62, 0.71, 0.67, 0.7000000000000001, 0.74, 0.79, 0.71, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.62, 0.65, 0.66, 0.58, 0.55, 0.53, 0.49, 0.52, 0.54, 0.49, 0.44, 0.45, 0.39, 0.38, 0.34, 0.32, 0.32, 0.23, 0.34, 0.45, 0.44, 0.49, 0.43, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.49, 0.42, 0.49, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.53, 0.42, 0.43, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.37, 0.38, 0.39, 0.42, 0.43, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.28, 0.19, 0.24, 0.19, 0.27, 0.19, 0.18, 0.25, 0.28, 0.24, 0.22, 0.26, 0.22, 0.26, 0.29, 0.26, 0.27, 0.26, 0.23, 0.29, 0.29, 0.37, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.28, 0.28, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.37, 0.4, 0.4, 0.39, 0.36, 0.42, 0.4, 0.48, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.44, 0.55, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.43, 0.46, 0.46, 0.48, 0.42, 0.4, 0.39, 0.34, 0.4, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.46, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.55, 0.62, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.58, 0.52, 0.52, 0.52, 0.51, 0.5, 0.42, 0.44, 0.48, 0.52, 0.52, 0.51, 0.56, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.59, 0.59, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.56, 0.6, 0.63, 0.63, 0.6, 0.53, 0.51, 0.48, 0.46, 0.44, 0.43, 0.45, 0.45, 0.48, 0.53, 0.53, 0.53, 0.6, 0.62, 0.59, 0.63, 0.61, 0.63, 0.62, 0.63, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.68, 0.75, 0.77, 0.84, 0.87, 0.85, 0.86, 0.81, 0.79, 0.68, 0.72, 0.75, 0.72, 0.71, 0.67, 0.68, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.77, 0.74, 0.76, 0.73, 0.76, 0.77, 0.75, 0.77, 0.76, 0.74, 0.73, 0.74, 0.74, 0.66, 0.65, 0.59, 0.65, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.54, 0.55, 0.47000000000000003, 0.54, 0.51, 0.45, 0.38, 0.47000000000000003, 0.37, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.63, 0.6900000000000001, 0.72, 0.66, 0.66, 0.67, 0.66, 0.55, 0.56, 0.61, 0.6, 0.62, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.46, 0.48, 0.51, 0.54, 0.48, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.37, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.42, 0.34, 0.34, 0.29, 0.28, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.4, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.36, 0.32, 0.38, 0.39, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.33, 0.34, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.5, 0.49, 0.44, 0.39, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.38, 0.44, 0.39, 0.43, 0.29, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.28, 0.17, 0.19, 0.12, 0.06, 0.06, 0.08, 0.06, 0.12, 0.06, 0.1, 0.13, 0.17, 0.13, 0.09, 0.12, 0.16, 0.18, 0.14, 0.12, 0.17, 0.25, 0.28, 0.26, 0.32, 0.27, 0.29, 0.24, 0.18, 0.15, 0.14, 0.14, 0.09, 0.1, 0.07, 0.1, 0.14, 0.19, 0.25, 0.17, 0.23, 0.17, 0.14, 0.2, 0.27, 0.21, 0.22, 0.27, 0.29, 0.26, 0.3, 0.3]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#e31a1c", "#e31a1c"], "name": "5", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.3983716857408418, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5080682368868706, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7794228634059948, 0.762102355330306, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6985938257194472, 0.8313843876330611, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.94108093877909, 0.94108093877909, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8313843876330611, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5715767664977295, 0.560029761113937, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.48497422611928565, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5253887449625595, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5080682368868706, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.40414518843273806, 0.45610671265980435, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3637306695894642, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.30022213997860536, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.30022213997860536, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.22516660498395405, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24248711305964282, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.48497422611928565, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24826061575153907, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1905255888325765, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24826061575153907, 0.21361959960016152, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1905255888325765, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.24826061575153907, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24826061575153907, 0.21361959960016152, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1096965511460289, 0.08660254037844387, 0.07505553499465135, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17320508075688773, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.24826061575153907, 0.31754264805429416, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2944486372867091, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.19629909152447275, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2944486372867091, 0.20784609690826528, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3117691453623979, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4503332099679081, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2598076211353316, 0.1905255888325765, 0.27712812921102037, 0.31754264805429416, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.17320508075688773, 0.19629909152447275, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3117691453623979, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.26558112382722787, 0.17320508075688773, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.34641016151377546, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2944486372867091, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2598076211353316, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24826061575153907, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.13856406460551018, 0.19629909152447275, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2829016319029166, 0.33486315612998296, 0.30022213997860536, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3983716857408418, 0.36950417228136045, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.21361959960016152, 0.26558112382722787, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2829016319029166, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1905255888325765, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.26558112382722787, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17320508075688773, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1905255888325765, 0.21361959960016152, 0.15588457268119896, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.30022213997860536, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4330127018922193, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.3117691453623979, 0.22516660498395405, 0.21361959960016152, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17897858344878398, 0.19629909152447275, 0.20784609690826528, 0.31754264805429416, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.43878620458411555, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.3983716857408418, 0.34641016151377546, 0.33486315612998296, 0.31754264805429416, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.30022213997860536, 0.36950417228136045, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3117691453623979, 0.24826061575153907, 0.30022213997860536, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5196152422706632, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4503332099679081, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6235382907247958, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.762102355330306, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7678758580222023, 0.785196366097891, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8198373822492686, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8198373822492686, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9353074360871938, 0.94108093877909, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9006664199358162, 0.94108093877909, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8717989064763348, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.560029761113937, 0.47342722073549315, 0.41569219381653055, 0.5022947341949744, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5427092530382482, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.4214656965084268, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7505553499465135, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7101408311032397, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7505553499465135, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4214656965084268, 0.381051177665153, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.24826061575153907, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.36950417228136045, 0.40414518843273806, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.36950417228136045, 0.41569219381653055, 0.47342722073549315, 0.560029761113937, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6639528095680697, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7101408311032397, 0.785196366097891, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8371578903249574, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8487048957087499, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9353074360871938, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8025168741735799, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7678758580222023, 0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.8313843876330611, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.536935750346352, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4330127018922193, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.33486315612998296, 0.4214656965084268, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2944486372867091, 0.26558112382722787, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24826061575153907, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1905255888325765, 0.12124355652982141, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1616580753730952, 0.12124355652982141, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1096965511460289, 0.10392304845413264, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12124355652982141, 0.14433756729740643, 0.07505553499465135, 0.057735026918962574, 0.09237604307034013, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12701705922171766, 0.10392304845413264, 0.057735026918962574, 0.10392304845413264, 0.07505553499465135, 0.08660254037844387, 0.05196152422706632, 0.07505553499465135, 0.07505553499465135, 0.07505553499465135, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12124355652982141, 0.10392304845413264, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1905255888325765, 0.12124355652982141, 0.08660254037844387, 0.09237604307034013, 0.1096965511460289, 0.1096965511460289, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17897858344878398, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.19629909152447275, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1096965511460289, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12701705922171766, 0.07505553499465135, 0.057735026918962574, 0.057735026918962574, 0.15588457268119896, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1616580753730952, 0.12124355652982141, 0.09237604307034013, 0.12124355652982141, 0.15588457268119896, 0.10392304845413264, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1096965511460289, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12701705922171766, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.45610671265980435, 0.48497422611928565, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5196152422706632, 0.536935750346352, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.38682468035704926, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.4907477288111819, 0.560029761113937, 0.536935750346352, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182], "x": [0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.39191835884530857, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.7675067860720626, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.5878775382679629, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.09797958971132714, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.06531972647421809, 0.09797958971132714, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9634659654947169, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8818163074019442, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.32659863237109044, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7675067860720626, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719], "z": [0.85, 0.8, 0.77, 0.77, 0.73, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.79, 0.8, 0.81, 0.78, 0.76, 0.79, 0.85, 0.86, 0.77, 0.84, 0.86, 0.85, 0.93, 0.9500000000000001, 0.88, 0.88, 0.84, 0.87, 0.86, 0.85, 0.84, 0.86, 0.86, 0.8200000000000001, 0.88, 0.88, 0.85, 0.9, 0.86, 0.86, 0.8200000000000001, 0.84, 0.8, 0.8, 0.81, 0.76, 0.72, 0.72, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.64, 0.63, 0.63, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.63, 0.63, 0.62, 0.63, 0.55, 0.51, 0.5, 0.48, 0.49, 0.45, 0.5, 0.44, 0.49, 0.43, 0.4, 0.37, 0.43, 0.4, 0.45, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.45, 0.43, 0.44, 0.39, 0.43, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.33, 0.33, 0.33, 0.3, 0.3, 0.4, 0.38, 0.34, 0.3, 0.31, 0.29, 0.25, 0.24, 0.3, 0.36, 0.34, 0.33, 0.31, 0.29, 0.32, 0.24, 0.24, 0.24, 0.27, 0.22, 0.21, 0.21, 0.22, 0.18, 0.16, 0.16, 0.17, 0.17, 0.12, 0.12, 0.16, 0.14, 0.13, 0.18, 0.12, 0.1, 0.16, 0.19, 0.15, 0.23, 0.22, 0.25, 0.16, 0.2, 0.23, 0.23, 0.2, 0.25, 0.31, 0.31, 0.28, 0.24, 0.17, 0.09, 0.14, 0.12, 0.1, 0.14, 0.13, 0.1, 0.13, 0.17, 0.18, 0.18, 0.2, 0.21, 0.24, 0.21, 0.24, 0.22, 0.29, 0.34, 0.29, 0.23, 0.26, 0.32, 0.31, 0.29, 0.3, 0.32, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.25, 0.26, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.31, 0.24, 0.25, 0.25, 0.23, 0.21, 0.23, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.38, 0.38, 0.34, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.53, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.48, 0.49, 0.52, 0.53, 0.58, 0.54, 0.52, 0.51, 0.46, 0.39, 0.4, 0.4, 0.32, 0.24, 0.19, 0.2, 0.23, 0.24, 0.23, 0.22, 0.27, 0.26, 0.32, 0.27, 0.21, 0.23, 0.27, 0.29, 0.27, 0.22, 0.16, 0.15, 0.12, 0.09, 0.09, 0.1, 0.14, 0.15, 0.14, 0.1, 0.17, 0.19, 0.17, 0.18, 0.19, 0.2, 0.21, 0.18, 0.2, 0.19, 0.15, 0.15, 0.16, 0.14, 0.13, 0.18, 0.28, 0.26, 0.23, 0.23, 0.25, 0.24, 0.28, 0.31, 0.29, 0.24, 0.27, 0.26, 0.18, 0.22, 0.23, 0.19, 0.2, 0.18, 0.15, 0.14, 0.13, 0.11, 0.12, 0.05, 0.07, 0.14, 0.17, 0.16, 0.17, 0.17, 0.17, 0.15, 0.22, 0.26, 0.24, 0.22, 0.25, 0.2, 0.14, 0.19, 0.18, 0.16, 0.2, 0.27, 0.28, 0.28, 0.2, 0.2, 0.25, 0.33, 0.31, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.42, 0.54, 0.55, 0.51, 0.52, 0.58, 0.59, 0.64, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.72, 0.8300000000000001, 0.87, 0.86, 0.92, 0.92, 0.9500000000000001, 0.9500000000000001, 0.87, 0.9500000000000001, 0.9400000000000001, 0.92, 0.9400000000000001, 0.9, 0.89, 0.86, 0.9400000000000001, 0.9, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.91, 0.93, 0.9500000000000001, 0.91, 0.93, 0.88, 0.88, 0.89, 0.84, 0.81, 0.75, 0.78, 0.76, 0.77, 0.72, 0.66, 0.73, 0.72, 0.6900000000000001, 0.61, 0.6, 0.56, 0.62, 0.68, 0.65, 0.61, 0.52, 0.56, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.61, 0.67, 0.63, 0.63, 0.65, 0.58, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.75, 0.77, 0.76, 0.74, 0.66, 0.65, 0.67, 0.62, 0.61, 0.61, 0.59, 0.59, 0.55, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.44, 0.42, 0.37, 0.38, 0.4, 0.45, 0.49, 0.46, 0.45, 0.5, 0.54, 0.55, 0.48, 0.51, 0.53, 0.48, 0.49, 0.49, 0.51, 0.52, 0.5, 0.48, 0.48, 0.44, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.32, 0.32, 0.26, 0.33, 0.32, 0.36, 0.39, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.38, 0.4, 0.38, 0.37, 0.4, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.52, 0.56, 0.52, 0.65, 0.62, 0.54, 0.45, 0.43, 0.49, 0.54, 0.52, 0.56, 0.5, 0.51, 0.55, 0.56, 0.56, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.39, 0.42, 0.38, 0.38, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.27, 0.28, 0.27, 0.25, 0.21, 0.21, 0.25, 0.27, 0.26, 0.31, 0.32, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.36, 0.33, 0.34, 0.32, 0.28, 0.23, 0.18, 0.15, 0.1, 0.09, 0.06, 0.18, 0.2, 0.2, 0.26, 0.28, 0.3, 0.3, 0.31, 0.25, 0.25, 0.18, 0.17, 0.15, 0.11, 0.08, 0.11, 0.14, 0.16, 0.13, 0.19, 0.22, 0.24, 0.26, 0.33, 0.28, 0.22, 0.24, 0.23, 0.23, 0.22, 0.21, 0.24, 0.23, 0.15, 0.18, 0.16, 0.17, 0.2, 0.26, 0.26, 0.23, 0.28, 0.29, 0.38, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.32, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.38, 0.44, 0.42, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.32, 0.34, 0.39, 0.42, 0.4, 0.39, 0.4, 0.42, 0.5, 0.49, 0.5700000000000001, 0.64, 0.56, 0.55, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.55, 0.6, 0.64, 0.62, 0.64, 0.68, 0.72, 0.67, 0.72, 0.77, 0.79, 0.72, 0.59, 0.61, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.67, 0.6, 0.62, 0.62, 0.65, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.74, 0.73, 0.68, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.75, 0.72, 0.75, 0.77, 0.8200000000000001, 0.81, 0.9, 0.86, 0.84, 0.8, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8, 0.74, 0.72, 0.71, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.77, 0.73, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.65, 0.64, 0.66, 0.6900000000000001, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.78, 0.88, 0.8200000000000001, 0.79, 0.78, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.89, 0.85, 0.86, 0.86, 0.88, 0.93, 0.9400000000000001, 0.88, 0.9, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8, 0.75, 0.81, 0.77, 0.78, 0.78, 0.74, 0.75, 0.73, 0.65, 0.62, 0.54, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.43, 0.4, 0.36, 0.3, 0.3, 0.25, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.32, 0.26, 0.21, 0.2, 0.28, 0.24, 0.21, 0.2, 0.24, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.4, 0.33, 0.25, 0.26, 0.27, 0.25, 0.28, 0.27, 0.28, 0.29, 0.32, 0.34, 0.32, 0.32, 0.42, 0.51, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.63, 0.61, 0.54, 0.5, 0.39, 0.38, 0.32, 0.3, 0.29, 0.34, 0.33, 0.31, 0.38, 0.39, 0.44, 0.4, 0.43, 0.42, 0.43, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.45, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.42, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.71, 0.78, 0.77, 0.77, 0.78, 0.74, 0.73, 0.76, 0.71, 0.66, 0.6, 0.63, 0.64, 0.63, 0.63, 0.63, 0.59, 0.51, 0.54, 0.55, 0.52, 0.46, 0.5, 0.54, 0.51, 0.53, 0.61, 0.63, 0.58, 0.51, 0.49, 0.46, 0.46, 0.4, 0.33, 0.34, 0.29, 0.29, 0.31, 0.33, 0.34, 0.33, 0.29, 0.31, 0.26, 0.22, 0.3, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.27, 0.31, 0.34, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.31, 0.25, 0.25, 0.22, 0.15, 0.15, 0.15, 0.22, 0.32, 0.34, 0.37, 0.33, 0.36, 0.38, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.58, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.59, 0.56, 0.48, 0.42, 0.38, 0.34, 0.33, 0.3, 0.32, 0.3, 0.31, 0.28, 0.29, 0.32, 0.29, 0.34, 0.31, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.39, 0.43, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.3, 0.45, 0.48, 0.5, 0.49, 0.46, 0.48, 0.46, 0.52, 0.61, 0.66, 0.64, 0.71, 0.6900000000000001, 0.72, 0.75, 0.72, 0.76, 0.74, 0.7000000000000001, 0.73, 0.73, 0.79, 0.74, 0.75, 0.73, 0.72, 0.74, 0.63, 0.6, 0.61, 0.62, 0.67, 0.71, 0.75, 0.75, 0.75, 0.8200000000000001, 0.79, 0.84, 0.77, 0.77, 0.81, 0.8300000000000001, 0.76, 0.78, 0.71, 0.73, 0.71, 0.8, 0.79, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.64, 0.63, 0.62, 0.5700000000000001, 0.53, 0.59, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.56, 0.64, 0.63, 0.67, 0.63, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.74, 0.68, 0.62, 0.62, 0.65, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.53, 0.59, 0.61, 0.55, 0.49, 0.51, 0.5, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.55, 0.58, 0.63, 0.63, 0.64, 0.66, 0.63, 0.59, 0.53, 0.51, 0.45, 0.44, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.4, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.32, 0.27, 0.3, 0.25, 0.27, 0.26, 0.33, 0.33, 0.31, 0.28, 0.29, 0.29, 0.28, 0.25, 0.24, 0.24, 0.25, 0.26, 0.28, 0.3, 0.39, 0.38, 0.32, 0.29, 0.31, 0.32, 0.33, 0.26, 0.2, 0.2, 0.24, 0.3, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.31, 0.22, 0.17, 0.18, 0.2, 0.27, 0.29, 0.29, 0.29, 0.28, 0.26, 0.34, 0.25, 0.24, 0.23, 0.26]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#8dd3c7", "#8dd3c7"], "name": "6", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.31754264805429416, 0.3637306695894642, 0.40414518843273806, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5196152422706632, 0.536935750346352, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.785196366097891, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7447818472546173, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6581793068761734, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4214656965084268, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.8198373822492686, 0.785196366097891, 0.7332348418708247, 0.785196366097891, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5253887449625595, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.47342722073549315, 0.536935750346352, 0.47342722073549315, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3521836642056717, 0.36950417228136045, 0.40414518843273806, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3117691453623979, 0.36950417228136045, 0.33486315612998296, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.381051177665153, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.27712812921102037, 0.27712812921102037, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2309401076758503, 0.30022213997860536, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24826061575153907, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2944486372867091, 0.34641016151377546, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.33486315612998296, 0.36950417228136045, 0.31754264805429416, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.4330127018922193, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.381051177665153, 0.34641016151377546, 0.24248711305964282, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2944486372867091, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17320508075688773, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24826061575153907, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2829016319029166, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.34641016151377546, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1905255888325765, 0.19629909152447275, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24248711305964282, 0.26558112382722787, 0.12124355652982141, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.21361959960016152, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1616580753730952, 0.24826061575153907, 0.27712812921102037, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2944486372867091, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.381051177665153, 0.34641016151377546, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3290896534380867, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5253887449625595, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3983716857408418, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6928203230275509, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8833459118601275, 0.785196366097891, 0.6754998149518622, 0.762102355330306, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8025168741735799, 0.785196366097891, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8025168741735799, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9526279441628825, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9526279441628825, 0.94108093877909, 0.94108093877909, 0.94108093877909, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8487048957087499, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.536935750346352, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5427092530382482, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.762102355330306, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.785196366097891, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8025168741735799, 0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6754998149518622, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.48497422611928565, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3521836642056717, 0.36950417228136045, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2829016319029166, 0.21361959960016152, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.19629909152447275, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12124355652982141, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17320508075688773, 0.12124355652982141, 0.09237604307034013, 0.1616580753730952, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2309401076758503, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2598076211353316, 0.27712812921102037, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3637306695894642, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.5946707772653145, 0.560029761113937, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4330127018922193, 0.47342722073549315, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3117691453623979, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2944486372867091, 0.27712812921102037, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3637306695894642, 0.30022213997860536, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3983716857408418, 0.31754264805429416, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.36950417228136045, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.536935750346352, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2598076211353316, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.21361959960016152, 0.17320508075688773, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4214656965084268, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.762102355330306, 0.7967433714816836, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6119912853410033, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.48497422611928565, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3117691453623979, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.560029761113937, 0.536935750346352, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.560029761113937, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.560029761113937, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.762102355330306, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6293117934166921, 0.560029761113937, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555], "x": [0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.27760883751542687, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.11430952132988166, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.04898979485566357, 0.06531972647421809, 0.032659863237109045, 0.04898979485566357, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.09797958971132714, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.27760883751542687, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.13063945294843618, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.3592584956081995, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.11430952132988166, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.751176854453508, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.39191835884530857, 0.26127890589687236, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7838367176906171, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716], "z": [0.29, 0.29, 0.28, 0.28, 0.3, 0.27, 0.29, 0.31, 0.34, 0.33, 0.29, 0.36, 0.29, 0.31, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.3, 0.33, 0.34, 0.3, 0.24, 0.28, 0.3, 0.3, 0.29, 0.3, 0.32, 0.34, 0.34, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.39, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.37, 0.36, 0.32, 0.25, 0.32, 0.32, 0.33, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.38, 0.37, 0.32, 0.32, 0.37, 0.34, 0.38, 0.33, 0.32, 0.28, 0.28, 0.3, 0.31, 0.29, 0.33, 0.41000000000000003, 0.32, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.28, 0.26, 0.18, 0.18, 0.22, 0.21, 0.21, 0.22, 0.27, 0.24, 0.23, 0.19, 0.16, 0.22, 0.21, 0.12, 0.18, 0.19, 0.16, 0.19, 0.24, 0.23, 0.27, 0.25, 0.32, 0.26, 0.27, 0.19, 0.17, 0.16, 0.19, 0.24, 0.2, 0.24, 0.27, 0.22, 0.25, 0.21, 0.19, 0.17, 0.17, 0.19, 0.21, 0.22, 0.22, 0.17, 0.14, 0.11, 0.1, 0.04, 0.09, 0.05, 0.12, 0.13, 0.09, 0.17, 0.19, 0.17, 0.16, 0.19, 0.1, 0.12, 0.15, 0.12, 0.11, 0.1, 0.08, 0.07, 0.07, 0.12, 0.18, 0.13, 0.12, 0.13, 0.07, 0.06, 0.06, 0.08, 0.08, 0.08, 0.1, 0.12, 0.12, 0.17, 0.15, 0.12, 0.15, 0.14, 0.21, 0.3, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.44, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.5, 0.46, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.37, 0.27, 0.18, 0.26, 0.25, 0.15, 0.13, 0.13, 0.11, 0.1, 0.16, 0.21, 0.22, 0.21, 0.24, 0.23, 0.24, 0.28, 0.3, 0.24, 0.28, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.33, 0.3, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.42, 0.42, 0.36, 0.34, 0.32, 0.3, 0.24, 0.23, 0.27, 0.26, 0.3, 0.31, 0.26, 0.22, 0.26, 0.28, 0.28, 0.23, 0.24, 0.21, 0.17, 0.19, 0.19, 0.17, 0.24, 0.19, 0.22, 0.15, 0.18, 0.21, 0.22, 0.32, 0.36, 0.28, 0.27, 0.29, 0.28, 0.31, 0.23, 0.35000000000000003, 0.3, 0.27, 0.22, 0.23, 0.22, 0.25, 0.2, 0.27, 0.36, 0.45, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.44, 0.52, 0.52, 0.49, 0.51, 0.61, 0.65, 0.67, 0.72, 0.63, 0.64, 0.6900000000000001, 0.66, 0.65, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.73, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.67, 0.64, 0.65, 0.67, 0.68, 0.71, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.58, 0.52, 0.46, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.71, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.62, 0.58, 0.61, 0.68, 0.63, 0.55, 0.47000000000000003, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.42, 0.45, 0.44, 0.37, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.27, 0.28, 0.36, 0.39, 0.42, 0.48, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.32, 0.29, 0.25, 0.31, 0.26, 0.28, 0.32, 0.33, 0.31, 0.24, 0.25, 0.23, 0.27, 0.36, 0.33, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.46, 0.4, 0.45, 0.46, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.58, 0.52, 0.53, 0.49, 0.49, 0.49, 0.54, 0.53, 0.58, 0.54, 0.53, 0.49, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.39, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.43, 0.43, 0.38, 0.47000000000000003, 0.53, 0.49, 0.44, 0.45, 0.53, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.46, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.53, 0.46, 0.5, 0.54, 0.55, 0.5, 0.49, 0.42, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.38, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.44, 0.51, 0.59, 0.61, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.48, 0.51, 0.49, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.46, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.5, 0.45, 0.54, 0.55, 0.62, 0.72, 0.71, 0.75, 0.72, 0.68, 0.66, 0.64, 0.62, 0.61, 0.67, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.66, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.51, 0.51, 0.51, 0.62, 0.6, 0.59, 0.61, 0.52, 0.51, 0.49, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.34, 0.34, 0.32, 0.34, 0.26, 0.27, 0.23, 0.26, 0.27, 0.22, 0.26, 0.22, 0.18, 0.16, 0.13, 0.14, 0.19, 0.15, 0.21, 0.2, 0.2, 0.15, 0.21, 0.21, 0.13, 0.19, 0.17, 0.19, 0.17, 0.22, 0.19, 0.21, 0.25, 0.2, 0.24, 0.16, 0.16, 0.12, 0.1, 0.15, 0.11, 0.11, 0.08, 0.07, 0.09, 0.09, 0.13, 0.11, 0.17, 0.19, 0.16, 0.21, 0.28, 0.29, 0.27, 0.32, 0.23, 0.25, 0.25, 0.29, 0.3, 0.23, 0.27, 0.26, 0.21, 0.3, 0.39, 0.4, 0.44, 0.49, 0.45, 0.44, 0.44, 0.54, 0.58, 0.6, 0.66, 0.64, 0.64, 0.68, 0.72, 0.72, 0.7000000000000001, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.75, 0.8, 0.73, 0.8, 0.8, 0.77, 0.75, 0.78, 0.8300000000000001, 0.79, 0.77, 0.75, 0.6, 0.55, 0.55, 0.63, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.52, 0.51, 0.55, 0.5, 0.5, 0.42, 0.37, 0.42, 0.45, 0.43, 0.45, 0.39, 0.42, 0.42, 0.32, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.48, 0.54, 0.55, 0.58, 0.63, 0.65, 0.74, 0.73, 0.75, 0.76, 0.71, 0.68, 0.68, 0.71, 0.73, 0.77, 0.76, 0.77, 0.74, 0.74, 0.66, 0.75, 0.72, 0.75, 0.81, 0.78, 0.75, 0.8, 0.8, 0.76, 0.71, 0.73, 0.73, 0.71, 0.73, 0.67, 0.62, 0.55, 0.5, 0.51, 0.52, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.62, 0.64, 0.66, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.72, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.68, 0.66, 0.65, 0.65, 0.61, 0.59, 0.53, 0.62, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.51, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.5, 0.56, 0.56, 0.6, 0.6, 0.6, 0.66, 0.65, 0.53, 0.45, 0.52, 0.49, 0.51, 0.56, 0.59, 0.64, 0.64, 0.6, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.56, 0.55, 0.52, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.49, 0.39, 0.47000000000000003, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.32, 0.31, 0.29, 0.3, 0.34, 0.36, 0.39, 0.32, 0.3, 0.34, 0.29, 0.34, 0.37, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.56, 0.58, 0.52, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.56, 0.58, 0.56, 0.54, 0.46, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.43, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.49, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.34, 0.39, 0.39, 0.33, 0.33, 0.32, 0.36, 0.31, 0.3, 0.34, 0.26, 0.28, 0.24, 0.23, 0.27, 0.27, 0.21, 0.24, 0.21, 0.21, 0.25, 0.23, 0.23, 0.23, 0.15, 0.2, 0.2, 0.24, 0.19, 0.2, 0.2, 0.2, 0.23, 0.19, 0.14, 0.26, 0.19, 0.19, 0.21, 0.21, 0.33, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.32, 0.33, 0.25, 0.22, 0.26, 0.28, 0.28, 0.32, 0.32, 0.27, 0.31, 0.36, 0.35000000000000003, 0.29, 0.29, 0.31, 0.3, 0.3, 0.3, 0.4, 0.39, 0.38, 0.38, 0.3, 0.31, 0.29, 0.29, 0.33, 0.27, 0.29, 0.32, 0.31, 0.29, 0.33, 0.28, 0.32, 0.26, 0.17, 0.13, 0.18, 0.25, 0.27, 0.19, 0.13, 0.12, 0.18, 0.19, 0.2, 0.2, 0.15, 0.14, 0.13, 0.13, 0.17, 0.14, 0.1, 0.14, 0.09, 0.14, 0.2, 0.19, 0.24, 0.29, 0.25, 0.23, 0.21, 0.29, 0.31, 0.29, 0.29, 0.3, 0.37, 0.33, 0.33, 0.33, 0.26, 0.29, 0.3, 0.34, 0.37, 0.39, 0.49, 0.48, 0.49, 0.45, 0.45, 0.42, 0.4, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.48, 0.44, 0.46, 0.45, 0.48, 0.52, 0.55, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.61, 0.62, 0.61, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.76, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.87, 0.9500000000000001, 0.9400000000000001, 0.9500000000000001, 0.9500000000000001, 0.93, 0.89, 0.84, 0.86, 0.87, 0.88, 0.79, 0.84, 0.79, 0.88, 0.89, 0.91, 0.9, 0.87, 0.8200000000000001, 0.81, 0.81, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.65, 0.5700000000000001, 0.65, 0.67, 0.64, 0.62, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.59, 0.54, 0.54, 0.55, 0.5, 0.51, 0.45, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.53, 0.6, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.54, 0.55, 0.53, 0.51, 0.53, 0.53, 0.47000000000000003, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.32, 0.3, 0.31, 0.33, 0.28, 0.3, 0.28, 0.28, 0.27, 0.23, 0.12, 0.19, 0.22, 0.22, 0.18, 0.19, 0.14, 0.15, 0.14, 0.1, 0.16, 0.16, 0.16, 0.15, 0.19, 0.15, 0.09, 0.13, 0.16, 0.09, 0.09, 0.09, 0.11, 0.15, 0.21, 0.18, 0.15, 0.16, 0.2, 0.22, 0.27, 0.28, 0.26, 0.27, 0.3, 0.3, 0.27, 0.2, 0.17, 0.17, 0.16, 0.17, 0.18, 0.13, 0.2, 0.26, 0.23, 0.29, 0.25, 0.25, 0.32]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#ffffb3", "#ffffb3"], "name": "7", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9584014468547788, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9353074360871938, 0.8833459118601275, 0.785196366097891, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7794228634059948, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5080682368868706, 0.560029761113937, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.536935750346352, 0.560029761113937, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5427092530382482, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5080682368868706, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.536935750346352, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7967433714816836, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8487048957087499, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8544783984006461, 0.785196366097891, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.762102355330306, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9237604307034012, 0.94108093877909, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9006664199358162, 0.94108093877909, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6408587988004846, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.536935750346352, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5080682368868706, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4214656965084268, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.381051177665153, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2829016319029166, 0.31754264805429416, 0.36950417228136045, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.27712812921102037, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2309401076758503, 0.30022213997860536, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2944486372867091, 0.22516660498395405, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.22516660498395405, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.19629909152447275, 0.1905255888325765, 0.24826061575153907, 0.27712812921102037, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2829016319029166, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3983716857408418, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4214656965084268, 0.381051177665153, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4907477288111819, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.43878620458411555, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.48497422611928565, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5542562584220407, 0.536935750346352, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5773502691896257, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5888972745734182, 0.560029761113937, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.94108093877909, 0.9584014468547788, 0.8833459118601275, 0.94108093877909, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.4907477288111819, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4503332099679081, 0.40414518843273806, 0.45610671265980435, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3983716857408418, 0.34641016151377546, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2598076211353316, 0.1616580753730952, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.13856406460551018, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.08660254037844387, 0.05196152422706632, 0.12124355652982141, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1616580753730952, 0.13856406460551018, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1616580753730952, 0.13856406460551018, 0.08660254037844387, 0.09237604307034013, 0.13856406460551018, 0.13856406460551018, 0.13856406460551018, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.36950417228136045, 0.31754264805429416, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.2944486372867091, 0.24248711305964282, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1905255888325765, 0.15588457268119896, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17897858344878398, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.22516660498395405, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17320508075688773, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.21361959960016152, 0.26558112382722787, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.27712812921102037, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17897858344878398, 0.19629909152447275, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3983716857408418, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.40414518843273806, 0.48497422611928565, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.24248711305964282, 0.27712812921102037, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24826061575153907, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2829016319029166, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1905255888325765, 0.12701705922171766, 0.15588457268119896, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4330127018922193, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24826061575153907, 0.22516660498395405, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2309401076758503, 0.21361959960016152, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17897858344878398, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.21361959960016152, 0.14433756729740643, 0.13856406460551018, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.1616580753730952, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2829016319029166, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.2598076211353316, 0.21361959960016152, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2944486372867091, 0.24248711305964282, 0.20784609690826528, 0.20784609690826528, 0.20784609690826528, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2829016319029166, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12701705922171766, 0.09237604307034013, 0.05196152422706632, 0.05196152422706632, 0.034641016151377546, 0.0404145188432738, 0.07505553499465135, 0.057735026918962574, 0.057735026918962574, 0.057735026918962574, 0.034641016151377546, 0.034641016151377546, 0.0404145188432738, 0.0404145188432738, 0.034641016151377546, 0.0404145188432738, 0.07505553499465135, 0.12124355652982141, 0.19629909152447275, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2598076211353316, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.24248711305964282, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17320508075688773, 0.2309401076758503, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2598076211353316, 0.30022213997860536, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.381051177665153, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8371578903249574, 0.785196366097891, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.785196366097891, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8313843876330611, 0.762102355330306, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5022947341949744, 0.45610671265980435, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5196152422706632, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5196152422706632, 0.536935750346352, 0.5946707772653145, 0.536935750346352, 0.6408587988004846, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.26558112382722787, 0.21361959960016152, 0.20784609690826528, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.381051177665153, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.536935750346352, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4676537180435969, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3637306695894642, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3290896534380867, 0.4214656965084268, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4676537180435969, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.43878620458411555, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24248711305964282, 0.3117691453623979, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.41569219381653055, 0.5080682368868706, 0.536935750346352, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5196152422706632], "x": [0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.2122891110412088, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.032659863237109045, 0.09797958971132714, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.06531972647421809, 0.09797958971132714, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.08164965809277261, 0.1469693845669907, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.1469693845669907, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5715476066494083, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.7021870595978444, 0.751176854453508, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9471360338761623, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.68585712797929, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9471360338761623, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9471360338761623, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.751176854453508, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8818163074019442, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7838367176906171, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.19595917942265428, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.04898979485566357, 0.032659863237109045, 0.04898979485566357, 0.06531972647421809, 0.032659863237109045, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.032659863237109045, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.09797958971132714, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8328265125462806, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522], "z": [0.3, 0.29, 0.22, 0.26, 0.32, 0.36, 0.38, 0.38, 0.38, 0.4, 0.42, 0.4, 0.42, 0.4, 0.4, 0.38, 0.43, 0.43, 0.4, 0.39, 0.48, 0.5, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.42, 0.46, 0.36, 0.37, 0.33, 0.38, 0.27, 0.26, 0.18, 0.21, 0.2, 0.17, 0.15, 0.21, 0.19, 0.19, 0.25, 0.24, 0.26, 0.31, 0.3, 0.28, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.44, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.36, 0.36, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.31, 0.23, 0.26, 0.27, 0.3, 0.29, 0.32, 0.34, 0.28, 0.28, 0.31, 0.3, 0.28, 0.31, 0.3, 0.26, 0.23, 0.17, 0.19, 0.12, 0.12, 0.17, 0.19, 0.17, 0.21, 0.19, 0.16, 0.23, 0.23, 0.25, 0.18, 0.21, 0.25, 0.26, 0.26, 0.25, 0.3, 0.33, 0.32, 0.31, 0.37, 0.34, 0.3, 0.28, 0.31, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.42, 0.45, 0.44, 0.54, 0.6, 0.64, 0.5700000000000001, 0.49, 0.49, 0.54, 0.56, 0.59, 0.63, 0.65, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.67, 0.63, 0.66, 0.59, 0.5, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.58, 0.66, 0.64, 0.63, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.72, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.67, 0.65, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.59, 0.56, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.62, 0.63, 0.65, 0.67, 0.64, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.61, 0.66, 0.64, 0.5700000000000001, 0.49, 0.43, 0.45, 0.4, 0.37, 0.36, 0.33, 0.3, 0.29, 0.38, 0.36, 0.32, 0.36, 0.39, 0.3, 0.32, 0.37, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.31, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.33, 0.4, 0.34, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.37, 0.43, 0.46, 0.49, 0.49, 0.54, 0.55, 0.52, 0.52, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.46, 0.37, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.25, 0.22, 0.28, 0.3, 0.31, 0.24, 0.29, 0.3, 0.42, 0.44, 0.4, 0.39, 0.42, 0.4, 0.43, 0.48, 0.43, 0.54, 0.49, 0.46, 0.43, 0.4, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.36, 0.39, 0.39, 0.4, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.39, 0.45, 0.38, 0.4, 0.33, 0.32, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.34, 0.44, 0.42, 0.36, 0.3, 0.29, 0.26, 0.25, 0.24, 0.33, 0.31, 0.21, 0.21, 0.18, 0.22, 0.29, 0.36, 0.34, 0.41000000000000003, 0.5, 0.51, 0.43, 0.5, 0.52, 0.54, 0.5700000000000001, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.5, 0.54, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.43, 0.45, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.46, 0.51, 0.46, 0.46, 0.42, 0.46, 0.36, 0.34, 0.34, 0.34, 0.32, 0.27, 0.3, 0.29, 0.29, 0.25, 0.21, 0.26, 0.35000000000000003, 0.26, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.33, 0.38, 0.38, 0.45, 0.5, 0.5, 0.49, 0.48, 0.5, 0.48, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.54, 0.56, 0.65, 0.65, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.65, 0.72, 0.74, 0.75, 0.72, 0.74, 0.77, 0.74, 0.77, 0.75, 0.81, 0.85, 0.72, 0.67, 0.73, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.78, 0.78, 0.74, 0.78, 0.77, 0.73, 0.7000000000000001, 0.65, 0.63, 0.64, 0.68, 0.64, 0.59, 0.56, 0.6, 0.64, 0.61, 0.64, 0.5700000000000001, 0.6, 0.64, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.68, 0.65, 0.63, 0.72, 0.71, 0.73, 0.76, 0.78, 0.75, 0.76, 0.75, 0.8, 0.79, 0.76, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.73, 0.75, 0.73, 0.72, 0.71, 0.63, 0.61, 0.61, 0.6, 0.56, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.6, 0.61, 0.62, 0.64, 0.65, 0.66, 0.63, 0.64, 0.6, 0.64, 0.63, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.64, 0.61, 0.6, 0.59, 0.59, 0.55, 0.55, 0.62, 0.61, 0.63, 0.71, 0.74, 0.7000000000000001, 0.66, 0.64, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.67, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.71, 0.68, 0.67, 0.63, 0.66, 0.64, 0.65, 0.64, 0.62, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.63, 0.62, 0.68, 0.71, 0.67, 0.7000000000000001, 0.66, 0.61, 0.67, 0.74, 0.67, 0.65, 0.64, 0.65, 0.66, 0.61, 0.65, 0.67, 0.67, 0.63, 0.65, 0.66, 0.63, 0.68, 0.62, 0.6, 0.61, 0.59, 0.6, 0.62, 0.63, 0.64, 0.67, 0.65, 0.67, 0.68, 0.68, 0.65, 0.63, 0.73, 0.68, 0.64, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.65, 0.62, 0.64, 0.53, 0.52, 0.6, 0.58, 0.65, 0.65, 0.66, 0.65, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.74, 0.67, 0.64, 0.63, 0.6, 0.59, 0.54, 0.45, 0.51, 0.52, 0.51, 0.53, 0.53, 0.48, 0.43, 0.5, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.43, 0.53, 0.54, 0.52, 0.51, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.34, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.37, 0.32, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.51, 0.53, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.52, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.51, 0.55, 0.62, 0.58, 0.53, 0.5, 0.5, 0.4, 0.38, 0.3, 0.25, 0.3, 0.22, 0.25, 0.33, 0.36, 0.44, 0.51, 0.52, 0.55, 0.63, 0.63, 0.62, 0.65, 0.62, 0.58, 0.59, 0.59, 0.59, 0.61, 0.64, 0.63, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.67, 0.63, 0.54, 0.56, 0.63, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.52, 0.5, 0.49, 0.52, 0.52, 0.51, 0.5, 0.54, 0.49, 0.43, 0.43, 0.43, 0.4, 0.38, 0.42, 0.48, 0.51, 0.52, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.56, 0.62, 0.6, 0.62, 0.64, 0.63, 0.59, 0.53, 0.58, 0.51, 0.45, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.48, 0.49, 0.5, 0.54, 0.62, 0.6900000000000001, 0.63, 0.65, 0.63, 0.51, 0.52, 0.53, 0.54, 0.55, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.45, 0.54, 0.6, 0.58, 0.54, 0.51, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.39, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.29, 0.32, 0.33, 0.32, 0.34, 0.39, 0.3, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.39, 0.4, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.53, 0.52, 0.55, 0.51, 0.5, 0.5700000000000001, 0.48, 0.51, 0.54, 0.51, 0.43, 0.45, 0.45, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.38, 0.38, 0.39, 0.44, 0.44, 0.39, 0.33, 0.36, 0.27, 0.23, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.45, 0.36, 0.38, 0.42, 0.46, 0.42, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.48, 0.51, 0.55, 0.6, 0.54, 0.51, 0.43, 0.52, 0.53, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.48, 0.46, 0.48, 0.48, 0.45, 0.43, 0.44, 0.43, 0.39, 0.43, 0.36, 0.37, 0.4, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.39, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.36, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.33, 0.36, 0.31, 0.34, 0.3, 0.27, 0.27, 0.27, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.38, 0.39, 0.38, 0.27, 0.19, 0.16, 0.19, 0.12, 0.1, 0.11, 0.16, 0.16, 0.18, 0.18, 0.25, 0.2, 0.18, 0.2, 0.25, 0.25, 0.19, 0.18, 0.21, 0.17, 0.17, 0.14, 0.11, 0.09, 0.17, 0.14, 0.1, 0.14, 0.18, 0.18, 0.09, 0.16, 0.27, 0.23, 0.22, 0.31, 0.34, 0.36, 0.38, 0.43, 0.34, 0.38, 0.29, 0.37, 0.37, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.51, 0.52, 0.54, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.38, 0.38, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.33, 0.24, 0.27, 0.34, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.36, 0.42, 0.45, 0.38, 0.42, 0.42, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.42, 0.48, 0.53, 0.58, 0.6, 0.56, 0.52, 0.5, 0.53, 0.5, 0.44, 0.46, 0.52, 0.49, 0.53, 0.52, 0.54, 0.56, 0.5, 0.58, 0.58, 0.56, 0.64, 0.68, 0.75, 0.78, 0.8, 0.81, 0.86, 0.89, 0.91, 0.91, 0.93, 0.91, 0.8300000000000001, 0.88, 0.86, 0.8, 0.78, 0.79, 0.88, 0.92, 0.8300000000000001, 0.77, 0.74, 0.75, 0.7000000000000001, 0.62, 0.58, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.74, 0.7000000000000001, 0.64, 0.72, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.61, 0.62, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.74, 0.73, 0.72, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8, 0.77, 0.75, 0.77, 0.71, 0.72, 0.77, 0.74, 0.67, 0.68, 0.71, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.72, 0.71, 0.71, 0.68, 0.63, 0.67, 0.67, 0.65, 0.65, 0.66, 0.62, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.49, 0.5, 0.54, 0.61, 0.67, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.6, 0.62, 0.54, 0.53, 0.46, 0.45, 0.46, 0.46, 0.5, 0.53, 0.49, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.32, 0.4, 0.37, 0.36, 0.3, 0.28, 0.24, 0.25, 0.24, 0.3, 0.36, 0.32, 0.27, 0.22, 0.18, 0.19, 0.24]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#bebada", "#bebada"], "name": "8", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.26558112382722787, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17320508075688773, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1096965511460289, 0.10392304845413264, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1096965511460289, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1905255888325765, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.19629909152447275, 0.21361959960016152, 0.17320508075688773, 0.22516660498395405, 0.2829016319029166, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2309401076758503, 0.13856406460551018, 0.10392304845413264, 0.14433756729740643, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24248711305964282, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24826061575153907, 0.27712812921102037, 0.22516660498395405, 0.27712812921102037, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17897858344878398, 0.20784609690826528, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.12124355652982141, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1096965511460289, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1616580753730952, 0.19629909152447275, 0.20784609690826528, 0.22516660498395405, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.33486315612998296, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4214656965084268, 0.43878620458411555, 0.43878620458411555, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.785196366097891, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8487048957087499, 0.762102355330306, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.560029761113937, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5773502691896257, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5542562584220407, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.5888972745734182, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7447818472546173, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.7678758580222023, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7332348418708247, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9353074360871938, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8660254037844386, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9006664199358162, 0.7447818472546173, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.762102355330306, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6985938257194472, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.8544783984006461, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7678758580222023, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7447818472546173, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.41569219381653055, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.33486315612998296, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3983716857408418, 0.38682468035704926, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4503332099679081, 0.45610671265980435, 0.40414518843273806, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.3983716857408418, 0.38682468035704926, 0.31754264805429416, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24826061575153907, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.22516660498395405, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2944486372867091, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3983716857408418, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.381051177665153, 0.3290896534380867, 0.38682468035704926, 0.33486315612998296, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4214656965084268, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5080682368868706, 0.47342722073549315, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4676537180435969, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3983716857408418, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3983716857408418, 0.2944486372867091, 0.36950417228136045, 0.41569219381653055, 0.43878620458411555, 0.36950417228136045, 0.31754264805429416, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4330127018922193, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.5253887449625595, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4907477288111819, 0.560029761113937, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6293117934166921, 0.560029761113937, 0.5773502691896257, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.48497422611928565, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.4676537180435969, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6293117934166921, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5022947341949744, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5080682368868706, 0.560029761113937, 0.536935750346352, 0.5022947341949744, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5542562584220407, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5888972745734182, 0.4907477288111819, 0.41569219381653055, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.40414518843273806, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24826061575153907, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24248711305964282, 0.27712812921102037, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.30022213997860536, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3521836642056717, 0.40414518843273806, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4330127018922193, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4907477288111819, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5022947341949744, 0.45610671265980435, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2944486372867091, 0.34641016151377546, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3117691453623979, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.17897858344878398, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12701705922171766, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17897858344878398, 0.2309401076758503, 0.17897858344878398, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.1905255888325765, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17320508075688773, 0.19629909152447275, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17320508075688773, 0.20784609690826528, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.10392304845413264, 0.1905255888325765, 0.21361959960016152, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17897858344878398, 0.19629909152447275, 0.17320508075688773, 0.09237604307034013, 0.057735026918962574, 0.09237604307034013, 0.1096965511460289, 0.06928203230275509, 0.1096965511460289, 0.06928203230275509, 0.09237604307034013, 0.12701705922171766, 0.08660254037844387, 0.08660254037844387, 0.13856406460551018, 0.15588457268119896, 0.15588457268119896, 0.12124355652982141, 0.09237604307034013, 0.08660254037844387, 0.09237604307034013, 0.07505553499465135, 0.07505553499465135, 0.1096965511460289, 0.15588457268119896, 0.10392304845413264, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12124355652982141, 0.13856406460551018, 0.19629909152447275, 0.15588457268119896, 0.13856406460551018, 0.14433756729740643, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2598076211353316, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2829016319029166, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3117691453623979, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.5196152422706632, 0.560029761113937, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5888972745734182, 0.536935750346352, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.762102355330306, 0.8198373822492686, 0.785196366097891, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7678758580222023, 0.762102355330306, 0.7332348418708247, 0.762102355330306, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5715767664977295, 0.536935750346352, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4503332099679081, 0.36950417228136045, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4214656965084268, 0.43878620458411555, 0.47342722073549315, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4330127018922193, 0.381051177665153, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3637306695894642, 0.40414518843273806, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.3521836642056717, 0.31754264805429416, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24826061575153907, 0.27712812921102037, 0.36950417228136045, 0.31754264805429416, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.36950417228136045, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3117691453623979, 0.22516660498395405, 0.27712812921102037, 0.27712812921102037, 0.21361959960016152, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24826061575153907, 0.17320508075688773, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.20784609690826528, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.22516660498395405, 0.19629909152447275, 0.19629909152447275, 0.15588457268119896, 0.08660254037844387, 0.12124355652982141, 0.14433756729740643, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.2309401076758503, 0.20784609690826528, 0.09237604307034013, 0.057735026918962574, 0.09237604307034013, 0.10392304845413264, 0.15588457268119896, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1096965511460289, 0.08660254037844387, 0.057735026918962574, 0.07505553499465135, 0.057735026918962574, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12124355652982141, 0.05196152422706632, 0.034641016151377546, 0.0404145188432738, 0.10392304845413264, 0.14433756729740643, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1616580753730952, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.24826061575153907, 0.26558112382722787, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3521836642056717, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3117691453623979, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3521836642056717, 0.4214656965084268, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5196152422706632, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9237604307034012, 0.94108093877909, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9353074360871938, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8313843876330611, 0.785196366097891, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6581793068761734, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7505553499465135, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8025168741735799, 0.785196366097891, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6408587988004846, 0.536935750346352, 0.48497422611928565, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24248711305964282, 0.31754264805429416, 0.36950417228136045, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2944486372867091, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24826061575153907, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12124355652982141, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.15588457268119896, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17320508075688773, 0.14433756729740643, 0.14433756729740643, 0.19629909152447275, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12701705922171766, 0.1096965511460289, 0.12124355652982141, 0.09237604307034013, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1616580753730952, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.26558112382722787, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.30022213997860536, 0.22516660498395405, 0.17320508075688773, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1616580753730952, 0.15588457268119896, 0.22516660498395405, 0.15588457268119896, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1616580753730952, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.36950417228136045, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4330127018922193, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.40414518843273806, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3637306695894642], "x": [0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.08164965809277261, 0.1469693845669907, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6042074698865173, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.31026870075253593, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7675067860720626, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.342928563989645, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.342928563989645, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.17962924780409975, 0.17962924780409975, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.39191835884530857, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.22861904265976332, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6695271963607354, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8164965809277261, 0.718516991216399, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.751176854453508, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.26127890589687236, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.19595917942265428, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.08164965809277261, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.2122891110412088, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.22861904265976332, 0.24494897427831783, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.342928563989645, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.27760883751542687, 0.17962924780409975, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5388877434122993, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5062278801751902, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2122891110412088, 0.13063945294843618, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.09797958971132714, 0.09797958971132714, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.27760883751542687, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664], "z": [0.24, 0.27, 0.28, 0.25, 0.26, 0.31, 0.29, 0.3, 0.31, 0.27, 0.27, 0.27, 0.33, 0.28, 0.25, 0.31, 0.25, 0.27, 0.3, 0.29, 0.3, 0.33, 0.33, 0.32, 0.3, 0.28, 0.38, 0.39, 0.39, 0.42, 0.5, 0.52, 0.55, 0.54, 0.53, 0.5, 0.49, 0.51, 0.54, 0.61, 0.55, 0.53, 0.48, 0.45, 0.42, 0.5, 0.48, 0.48, 0.55, 0.54, 0.5, 0.52, 0.51, 0.51, 0.5, 0.46, 0.38, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.52, 0.53, 0.5, 0.46, 0.38, 0.37, 0.34, 0.26, 0.24, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.33, 0.38, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.42, 0.36, 0.27, 0.27, 0.26, 0.29, 0.29, 0.33, 0.33, 0.39, 0.36, 0.27, 0.28, 0.24, 0.25, 0.26, 0.3, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.26, 0.23, 0.3, 0.34, 0.32, 0.31, 0.27, 0.3, 0.25, 0.22, 0.27, 0.24, 0.19, 0.2, 0.24, 0.19, 0.21, 0.19, 0.19, 0.28, 0.25, 0.23, 0.18, 0.19, 0.16, 0.09, 0.03, 0.07, 0.06, 0.18, 0.16, 0.2, 0.1, 0.14, 0.09, 0.12, 0.12, 0.17, 0.2, 0.21, 0.21, 0.26, 0.27, 0.31, 0.27, 0.17, 0.1, 0.12, 0.08, 0.11, 0.08, 0.11, 0.14, 0.15, 0.19, 0.14, 0.1, 0.1, 0.08, 0.15, 0.06, 0.08, 0.07, 0.04, 0.06, 0.03, 0.06, 0.05, 0.04, 0.03, 0.04, 0.1, 0.17, 0.16, 0.15, 0.2, 0.15, 0.16, 0.16, 0.14, 0.15, 0.14, 0.16, 0.21, 0.27, 0.29, 0.39, 0.4, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.43, 0.5, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.66, 0.67, 0.68, 0.6, 0.54, 0.55, 0.48, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.61, 0.62, 0.61, 0.65, 0.53, 0.52, 0.56, 0.53, 0.64, 0.62, 0.54, 0.5, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.43, 0.43, 0.37, 0.34, 0.31, 0.36, 0.31, 0.34, 0.28, 0.28, 0.27, 0.26, 0.28, 0.31, 0.26, 0.23, 0.24, 0.22, 0.21, 0.16, 0.1, 0.09, 0.08, 0.12, 0.09, 0.09, 0.11, 0.06, 0.08, 0.09, 0.13, 0.14, 0.18, 0.22, 0.17, 0.21, 0.18, 0.26, 0.28, 0.27, 0.26, 0.2, 0.15, 0.16, 0.21, 0.29, 0.33, 0.36, 0.37, 0.33, 0.32, 0.39, 0.31, 0.3, 0.29, 0.28, 0.32, 0.37, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.31, 0.31, 0.31, 0.34, 0.34, 0.32, 0.32, 0.3, 0.21, 0.21, 0.19, 0.23, 0.19, 0.19, 0.21, 0.27, 0.29, 0.23, 0.28, 0.34, 0.36, 0.3, 0.32, 0.3, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.42, 0.39, 0.32, 0.38, 0.34, 0.33, 0.26, 0.26, 0.26, 0.32, 0.27, 0.32, 0.3, 0.27, 0.27, 0.33, 0.32, 0.3, 0.32, 0.4, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.3, 0.26, 0.27, 0.29, 0.28, 0.33, 0.29, 0.31, 0.29, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.46, 0.54, 0.62, 0.63, 0.7000000000000001, 0.65, 0.68, 0.72, 0.79, 0.79, 0.75, 0.67, 0.6, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.65, 0.6900000000000001, 0.74, 0.75, 0.79, 0.86, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8, 0.77, 0.75, 0.65, 0.73, 0.73, 0.74, 0.75, 0.81, 0.72, 0.64, 0.71, 0.64, 0.68, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.86, 0.9, 0.79, 0.81, 0.8, 0.8200000000000001, 0.9, 0.9400000000000001, 0.9400000000000001, 0.9, 0.9500000000000001, 0.92, 0.89, 0.89, 0.87, 0.89, 0.93, 0.92, 0.85, 0.9, 0.88, 0.86, 0.87, 0.81, 0.87, 0.87, 0.93, 0.89, 0.86, 0.85, 0.92, 0.93, 0.9, 0.88, 0.89, 0.89, 0.88, 0.9, 0.9, 0.88, 0.8300000000000001, 0.84, 0.85, 0.77, 0.78, 0.75, 0.75, 0.77, 0.75, 0.8200000000000001, 0.85, 0.85, 0.86, 0.96, 0.91, 0.9, 0.9500000000000001, 0.89, 0.8200000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.84, 0.84, 0.84, 0.87, 0.79, 0.8, 0.87, 0.8200000000000001, 0.84, 0.85, 0.88, 0.84, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8, 0.79, 0.76, 0.8, 0.86, 0.86, 0.85, 0.85, 0.87, 0.86, 0.85, 0.9, 0.93, 0.9500000000000001, 0.9500000000000001, 0.93, 0.88, 0.88, 0.92, 0.91, 0.96, 0.93, 0.9, 0.9, 0.89, 0.81, 0.8, 0.78, 0.76, 0.72, 0.67, 0.65, 0.73, 0.77, 0.72, 0.77, 0.6900000000000001, 0.79, 0.9, 0.92, 0.9500000000000001, 0.89, 0.9, 0.92, 0.9, 0.9400000000000001, 0.9500000000000001, 0.92, 0.92, 0.96, 0.91, 0.91, 0.8300000000000001, 0.88, 0.89, 0.9400000000000001, 0.9, 0.88, 0.9, 0.87, 0.8, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8, 0.76, 0.79, 0.81, 0.79, 0.8, 0.84, 0.8200000000000001, 0.86, 0.9, 0.89, 0.86, 0.84, 0.87, 0.86, 0.86, 0.84, 0.77, 0.72, 0.67, 0.66, 0.55, 0.56, 0.52, 0.54, 0.52, 0.45, 0.48, 0.44, 0.44, 0.34, 0.31, 0.28, 0.33, 0.34, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.51, 0.53, 0.52, 0.47000000000000003, 0.42, 0.48, 0.43, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.44, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.45, 0.46, 0.45, 0.43, 0.48, 0.49, 0.49, 0.5, 0.52, 0.49, 0.48, 0.5, 0.55, 0.55, 0.62, 0.62, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.6, 0.63, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.59, 0.59, 0.64, 0.72, 0.75, 0.76, 0.72, 0.71, 0.72, 0.74, 0.71, 0.76, 0.75, 0.81, 0.8300000000000001, 0.79, 0.77, 0.79, 0.73, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.64, 0.65, 0.62, 0.56, 0.56, 0.53, 0.55, 0.58, 0.59, 0.59, 0.61, 0.62, 0.61, 0.6, 0.61, 0.61, 0.55, 0.49, 0.52, 0.49, 0.49, 0.52, 0.54, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.43, 0.4, 0.43, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.33, 0.31, 0.31, 0.32, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.33, 0.35000000000000003, 0.36, 0.44, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.5, 0.45, 0.46, 0.48, 0.43, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.5, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.39, 0.4, 0.42, 0.4, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.43, 0.42, 0.46, 0.42, 0.42, 0.34, 0.38, 0.46, 0.48, 0.5, 0.53, 0.51, 0.51, 0.53, 0.54, 0.61, 0.68, 0.73, 0.78, 0.77, 0.76, 0.68, 0.73, 0.6900000000000001, 0.7000000000000001, 0.79, 0.79, 0.79, 0.76, 0.78, 0.8, 0.8200000000000001, 0.81, 0.8, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8300000000000001, 0.79, 0.81, 0.7000000000000001, 0.62, 0.56, 0.58, 0.56, 0.55, 0.52, 0.43, 0.46, 0.44, 0.46, 0.49, 0.45, 0.48, 0.5, 0.45, 0.38, 0.37, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.43, 0.42, 0.38, 0.38, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.44, 0.49, 0.46, 0.48, 0.45, 0.48, 0.48, 0.49, 0.53, 0.53, 0.51, 0.58, 0.6, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.6, 0.58, 0.51, 0.5, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.53, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.46, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.46, 0.42, 0.37, 0.36, 0.3, 0.37, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.38, 0.38, 0.4, 0.32, 0.3, 0.27, 0.3, 0.23, 0.35000000000000003, 0.49, 0.42, 0.43, 0.42, 0.37, 0.43, 0.49, 0.54, 0.59, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.48, 0.43, 0.43, 0.49, 0.48, 0.51, 0.51, 0.56, 0.58, 0.55, 0.5700000000000001, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.48, 0.44, 0.48, 0.49, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.49, 0.5, 0.59, 0.64, 0.67, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.72, 0.71, 0.76, 0.76, 0.76, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.72, 0.71, 0.74, 0.75, 0.77, 0.75, 0.75, 0.68, 0.72, 0.71, 0.72, 0.74, 0.77, 0.78, 0.77, 0.68, 0.65, 0.65, 0.62, 0.61, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.62, 0.59, 0.62, 0.62, 0.61, 0.56, 0.61, 0.52, 0.54, 0.48, 0.52, 0.51, 0.46, 0.5, 0.56, 0.51, 0.51, 0.52, 0.56, 0.63, 0.64, 0.65, 0.65, 0.78, 0.78, 0.8200000000000001, 0.78, 0.84, 0.86, 0.8200000000000001, 0.84, 0.8300000000000001, 0.86, 0.87, 0.8300000000000001, 0.74, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.62, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.56, 0.62, 0.59, 0.64, 0.6, 0.6, 0.63, 0.6900000000000001, 0.67, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.72, 0.71, 0.63, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.56, 0.61, 0.61, 0.56, 0.55, 0.66, 0.72, 0.64, 0.66, 0.67, 0.62, 0.68, 0.62, 0.63, 0.68, 0.67, 0.6900000000000001, 0.75, 0.77, 0.79, 0.74, 0.73, 0.71, 0.72, 0.75, 0.72, 0.75, 0.76, 0.73, 0.75, 0.6900000000000001, 0.74, 0.77, 0.75, 0.8, 0.74, 0.78, 0.65, 0.63, 0.66, 0.68, 0.72, 0.81, 0.81, 0.78, 0.8200000000000001, 0.73, 0.72, 0.7000000000000001, 0.71, 0.72, 0.71, 0.75, 0.8, 0.8, 0.77, 0.75, 0.79, 0.75, 0.72, 0.67, 0.67, 0.71, 0.74, 0.73, 0.74, 0.78, 0.78, 0.7000000000000001, 0.64, 0.65, 0.66, 0.6, 0.64, 0.68, 0.62, 0.58, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.58, 0.63]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#fb8072", "#fb8072"], "name": "9", "thickness": 2}}, {"data": {"y": [0.6408587988004846, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5080682368868706, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4214656965084268, 0.40414518843273806, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3637306695894642, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3637306695894642, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.34641016151377546, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4214656965084268, 0.33486315612998296, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.2944486372867091, 0.24826061575153907, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24248711305964282, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.27712812921102037, 0.26558112382722787, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3637306695894642, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3521836642056717, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.45610671265980435, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5542562584220407, 0.5427092530382482, 0.536935750346352, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5196152422706632, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4907477288111819, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4330127018922193, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.560029761113937, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.785196366097891, 0.7678758580222023, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8544783984006461, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7967433714816836, 0.762102355330306, 0.762102355330306, 0.785196366097891, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9699484522385713, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7447818472546173, 0.762102355330306, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4503332099679081, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4503332099679081, 0.4214656965084268, 0.41569219381653055, 0.33486315612998296, 0.36950417228136045, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.34641016151377546, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2309401076758503, 0.22516660498395405, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1616580753730952, 0.20784609690826528, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2829016319029166, 0.26558112382722787, 0.19629909152447275, 0.1905255888325765, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24826061575153907, 0.3117691453623979, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.36950417228136045, 0.36950417228136045, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24248711305964282, 0.30022213997860536, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3290896534380867, 0.33486315612998296, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3117691453623979, 0.381051177665153, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.33486315612998296, 0.38682468035704926, 0.38682468035704926, 0.36950417228136045, 0.3983716857408418, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4214656965084268, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4214656965084268, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.31754264805429416, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2309401076758503, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17320508075688773, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24248711305964282, 0.31754264805429416, 0.381051177665153, 0.4330127018922193, 0.45610671265980435, 0.41569219381653055, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2829016319029166, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2598076211353316, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24826061575153907, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2309401076758503, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2944486372867091, 0.2829016319029166, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24826061575153907, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2944486372867091, 0.27712812921102037, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.26558112382722787, 0.33486315612998296, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.34641016151377546, 0.31754264805429416, 0.2829016319029166, 0.27712812921102037, 0.2944486372867091, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3521836642056717, 0.26558112382722787, 0.27712812921102037, 0.17897858344878398, 0.24248711305964282, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2598076211353316, 0.1905255888325765, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.2309401076758503, 0.2309401076758503, 0.21361959960016152, 0.1905255888325765, 0.1096965511460289, 0.09237604307034013, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24826061575153907, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17320508075688773, 0.10392304845413264, 0.12701705922171766, 0.17320508075688773, 0.19629909152447275, 0.26558112382722787, 0.26558112382722787, 0.2598076211353316, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2829016319029166, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3290896534380867, 0.2944486372867091, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3290896534380867, 0.30022213997860536, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.24248711305964282, 0.30022213997860536, 0.30022213997860536, 0.24248711305964282, 0.17320508075688773, 0.1096965511460289, 0.07505553499465135, 0.07505553499465135, 0.08660254037844387, 0.07505553499465135, 0.06928203230275509, 0.06928203230275509, 0.17897858344878398, 0.12124355652982141, 0.15588457268119896, 0.13856406460551018, 0.1096965511460289, 0.09237604307034013, 0.06928203230275509, 0.05196152422706632, 0.06928203230275509, 0.12124355652982141, 0.08660254037844387, 0.10392304845413264, 0.1096965511460289, 0.22516660498395405, 0.22516660498395405, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3521836642056717, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3290896534380867, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2598076211353316, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24248711305964282, 0.26558112382722787, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3983716857408418, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.381051177665153, 0.381051177665153, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3983716857408418, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4330127018922193, 0.3983716857408418, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3637306695894642, 0.381051177665153, 0.36950417228136045, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3117691453623979, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.1905255888325765, 0.17897858344878398, 0.17320508075688773, 0.19629909152447275, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.2829016319029166, 0.2598076211353316, 0.17897858344878398, 0.1905255888325765, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.22516660498395405, 0.27712812921102037, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2598076211353316, 0.26558112382722787, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.27712812921102037, 0.22516660498395405, 0.24248711305964282, 0.2829016319029166, 0.20784609690826528, 0.24248711305964282, 0.24248711305964282, 0.22516660498395405, 0.1616580753730952, 0.14433756729740643, 0.17897858344878398, 0.21361959960016152, 0.22516660498395405, 0.20784609690826528, 0.1616580753730952, 0.20784609690826528, 0.17320508075688773, 0.2309401076758503, 0.21361959960016152, 0.19629909152447275, 0.12701705922171766, 0.13856406460551018, 0.12124355652982141, 0.10392304845413264, 0.08660254037844387, 0.09237604307034013, 0.13856406460551018, 0.17320508075688773, 0.24826061575153907, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3637306695894642, 0.31754264805429416, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2944486372867091, 0.3521836642056717, 0.2829016319029166, 0.24826061575153907, 0.2829016319029166, 0.3290896534380867, 0.34641016151377546, 0.27712812921102037, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3117691453623979, 0.3290896534380867, 0.3521836642056717, 0.3521836642056717, 0.40414518843273806, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3637306695894642, 0.381051177665153, 0.40414518843273806, 0.45610671265980435, 0.40414518843273806, 0.38682468035704926, 0.40414518843273806, 0.41569219381653055, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4330127018922193, 0.4503332099679081, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.40414518843273806, 0.43878620458411555, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5196152422706632, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3521836642056717, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.3521836642056717, 0.38682468035704926, 0.47342722073549315, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4330127018922193, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6062177826491071, 0.536935750346352, 0.560029761113937, 0.5080682368868706, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5022947341949744, 0.3983716857408418, 0.34641016151377546, 0.4214656965084268, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3983716857408418, 0.33486315612998296, 0.38682468035704926, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3637306695894642, 0.30022213997860536, 0.3117691453623979, 0.33486315612998296, 0.33486315612998296, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.3637306695894642, 0.4214656965084268, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4214656965084268, 0.3983716857408418, 0.3290896534380867, 0.36950417228136045, 0.38682468035704926, 0.43878620458411555, 0.3983716857408418, 0.38682468035704926, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4676537180435969, 0.48497422611928565, 0.47342722073549315, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5253887449625595, 0.4907477288111819, 0.48497422611928565, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5542562584220407, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5253887449625595, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6754998149518622, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6754998149518622, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.762102355330306, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7505553499465135, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7505553499465135, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6293117934166921, 0.5946707772653145, 0.48497422611928565, 0.4676537180435969, 0.40414518843273806, 0.3637306695894642, 0.34641016151377546, 0.43878620458411555, 0.4907477288111819, 0.5022947341949744, 0.560029761113937, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6581793068761734, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7967433714816836, 0.785196366097891, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9237604307034012, 0.94108093877909, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7332348418708247, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.8313843876330611, 0.762102355330306, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7794228634059948, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8198373822492686, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8717989064763348, 0.8140638795573724, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6928203230275509, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.38682468035704926, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.47342722073549315, 0.47342722073549315, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5253887449625595, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4676537180435969, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5888972745734182, 0.5427092530382482, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5022947341949744, 0.4503332099679081, 0.41569219381653055, 0.4503332099679081, 0.5196152422706632, 0.4907477288111819, 0.45610671265980435, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5022947341949744, 0.536935750346352, 0.4676537180435969, 0.43878620458411555, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5253887449625595, 0.536935750346352, 0.5196152422706632, 0.5080682368868706, 0.5427092530382482, 0.560029761113937, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6639528095680697, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6293117934166921, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6928203230275509, 0.5946707772653145, 0.5715767664977295, 0.5773502691896257, 0.6062177826491071, 0.5715767664977295, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6235382907247958, 0.6119912853410033, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5946707772653145, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6119912853410033, 0.6639528095680697, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6985938257194472, 0.785196366097891, 0.7505553499465135, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7332348418708247, 0.762102355330306, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8717989064763348, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8891194145520237, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9179869280115049, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.785196366097891, 0.785196366097891, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7505553499465135, 0.785196366097891, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8487048957087499, 0.8660254037844386, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8313843876330611, 0.8833459118601275, 0.9006664199358162, 0.9064399226277124, 0.94108093877909, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9699484522385713, 0.9699484522385713, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9699484522385713, 0.9584014468547788, 0.94108093877909, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9237604307034012, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8140638795573724, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8140638795573724, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8025168741735799, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8660254037844386, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8891194145520237, 0.9584014468547788, 0.9526279441628825, 0.9064399226277124, 0.9179869280115049, 0.8833459118601275, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8544783984006461, 0.9237604307034012, 0.9353074360871938, 0.9006664199358162, 0.8487048957087499, 0.7794228634059948, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8140638795573724, 0.785196366097891, 0.762102355330306, 0.8025168741735799, 0.7967433714816836, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8371578903249574, 0.9064399226277124, 0.8198373822492686, 0.8371578903249574, 0.8544783984006461, 0.8313843876330611, 0.7967433714816836, 0.7794228634059948, 0.785196366097891, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7101408311032397, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6928203230275509, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7274613391789284, 0.6812733176437584, 0.7274613391789284, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6985938257194472, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7101408311032397, 0.762102355330306, 0.6408587988004846, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.7159143337951359, 0.7447818472546173, 0.785196366097891, 0.7447818472546173, 0.7678758580222023, 0.7332348418708247, 0.7159143337951359, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5888972745734182, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6754998149518622, 0.6466323014923808, 0.6812733176437584, 0.6985938257194472, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6581793068761734, 0.6408587988004846, 0.560029761113937, 0.6235382907247958, 0.5427092530382482, 0.6062177826491071, 0.6639528095680697, 0.5773502691896257, 0.5196152422706632, 0.43878620458411555, 0.41569219381653055, 0.3983716857408418, 0.381051177665153, 0.3983716857408418, 0.4676537180435969, 0.4676537180435969, 0.41569219381653055, 0.381051177665153, 0.3637306695894642, 0.3290896534380867], "x": [0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.19595917942265428, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.24494897427831783, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.375588427226754, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.16329931618554522, 0.19595917942265428, 0.24494897427831783, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.375588427226754, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.7838367176906171, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7838367176906171, 0.68585712797929, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.718516991216399, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5552176750308537, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.31026870075253593, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.27760883751542687, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6695271963607354, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7838367176906171, 0.751176854453508, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6042074698865173, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.48989794855663565, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.45723808531952664, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.09797958971132714, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.032659863237109045, 0.06531972647421809, 0.032659863237109045, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.06531972647421809, 0.06531972647421809, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.13063945294843618, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.22861904265976332, 0.17962924780409975, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.342928563989645, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.45723808531952664, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5062278801751902, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.48989794855663565, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5225578117937447, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5388877434122993, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4082482904638631, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.24494897427831783, 0.26127890589687236, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.2122891110412088, 0.19595917942265428, 0.26127890589687236, 0.32659863237109044, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.27760883751542687, 0.22861904265976332, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.1469693845669907, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.09797958971132714, 0.13063945294843618, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.09797958971132714, 0.16329931618554522, 0.17962924780409975, 0.16329931618554522, 0.24494897427831783, 0.22861904265976332, 0.19595917942265428, 0.13063945294843618, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.08164965809277261, 0.13063945294843618, 0.16329931618554522, 0.11430952132988166, 0.16329931618554522, 0.09797958971132714, 0.1469693845669907, 0.16329931618554522, 0.1469693845669907, 0.13063945294843618, 0.08164965809277261, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.04898979485566357, 0.11430952132988166, 0.09797958971132714, 0.06531972647421809, 0.08164965809277261, 0.11430952132988166, 0.11430952132988166, 0.06531972647421809, 0.04898979485566357, 0.08164965809277261, 0.11430952132988166, 0.17962924780409975, 0.2122891110412088, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.2939387691339814, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.27760883751542687, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.31026870075253593, 0.375588427226754, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.5552176750308537, 0.48989794855663565, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.751176854453508, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6205374015050719, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6368673331236264, 0.5878775382679629, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.48989794855663565, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.45723808531952664, 0.5225578117937447, 0.47356801693808115, 0.47356801693808115, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4409081537009721, 0.47356801693808115, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.2939387691339814, 0.26127890589687236, 0.24494897427831783, 0.19595917942265428, 0.22861904265976332, 0.27760883751542687, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.3592584956081995, 0.31026870075253593, 0.2939387691339814, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.39191835884530857, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.31026870075253593, 0.24494897427831783, 0.2122891110412088, 0.26127890589687236, 0.26127890589687236, 0.342928563989645, 0.32659863237109044, 0.32659863237109044, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.19595917942265428, 0.17962924780409975, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.45723808531952664, 0.375588427226754, 0.39191835884530857, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5878775382679629, 0.7021870595978444, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.6368673331236264, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.8001666493091716, 0.751176854453508, 0.7348469228349536, 0.751176854453508, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8328265125462806, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9308061022576077, 0.8981462390204987, 0.9308061022576077, 0.9144761706390533, 0.9144761706390533, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8654863757833897, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.718516991216399, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.68585712797929, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6695271963607354, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5225578117937447, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6205374015050719, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6531972647421809, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6042074698865173, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6368673331236264, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7675067860720626, 0.751176854453508, 0.718516991216399, 0.68585712797929, 0.6531972647421809, 0.6695271963607354, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7838367176906171, 0.68585712797929, 0.718516991216399, 0.7021870595978444, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5062278801751902, 0.48989794855663565, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4409081537009721, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.32659863237109044, 0.4082482904638631, 0.4409081537009721, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.3592584956081995, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4409081537009721, 0.375588427226754, 0.4082482904638631, 0.39191835884530857, 0.39191835884530857, 0.3592584956081995, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5715476066494083, 0.6205374015050719, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7021870595978444, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7348469228349536, 0.7021870595978444, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7348469228349536, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8164965809277261, 0.8001666493091716, 0.7838367176906171, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8981462390204987, 0.8818163074019442, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8491564441648352, 0.8328265125462806, 0.8001666493091716, 0.8328265125462806, 0.7675067860720626, 0.718516991216399, 0.751176854453508, 0.751176854453508, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7838367176906171, 0.7675067860720626, 0.7838367176906171, 0.6695271963607354, 0.68585712797929, 0.6042074698865173, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5715476066494083, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5062278801751902, 0.5388877434122993, 0.45723808531952664, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.375588427226754, 0.3592584956081995, 0.342928563989645, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.31026870075253593, 0.39191835884530857, 0.342928563989645, 0.2939387691339814, 0.2939387691339814, 0.39191835884530857, 0.4245782220824176, 0.4245782220824176, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5225578117937447, 0.5552176750308537, 0.5878775382679629, 0.5878775382679629], "z": [0.19, 0.2, 0.22, 0.3, 0.28, 0.26, 0.25, 0.23, 0.21, 0.17, 0.25, 0.25, 0.21, 0.18, 0.08, 0.11, 0.08, 0.22, 0.25, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.28, 0.27, 0.28, 0.26, 0.26, 0.3, 0.23, 0.29, 0.27, 0.25, 0.26, 0.24, 0.18, 0.19, 0.13, 0.21, 0.23, 0.22, 0.16, 0.2, 0.17, 0.12, 0.16, 0.14, 0.15, 0.19, 0.25, 0.28, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.33, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.36, 0.33, 0.24, 0.21, 0.22, 0.22, 0.24, 0.17, 0.23, 0.23, 0.33, 0.23, 0.25, 0.25, 0.28, 0.26, 0.26, 0.29, 0.31, 0.32, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.48, 0.48, 0.46, 0.39, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.43, 0.39, 0.38, 0.36, 0.36, 0.32, 0.27, 0.24, 0.32, 0.37, 0.38, 0.45, 0.49, 0.52, 0.48, 0.52, 0.55, 0.44, 0.48, 0.51, 0.49, 0.5700000000000001, 0.53, 0.56, 0.54, 0.5, 0.49, 0.53, 0.49, 0.52, 0.51, 0.59, 0.58, 0.53, 0.52, 0.5, 0.52, 0.52, 0.52, 0.55, 0.54, 0.55, 0.54, 0.59, 0.59, 0.61, 0.66, 0.62, 0.64, 0.68, 0.73, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.72, 0.67, 0.67, 0.65, 0.55, 0.52, 0.6, 0.54, 0.46, 0.38, 0.3, 0.37, 0.44, 0.46, 0.48, 0.44, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.31, 0.31, 0.33, 0.31, 0.31, 0.29, 0.28, 0.24, 0.25, 0.27, 0.28, 0.24, 0.24, 0.26, 0.24, 0.27, 0.29, 0.24, 0.26, 0.22, 0.2, 0.29, 0.25, 0.22, 0.31, 0.23, 0.26, 0.23, 0.26, 0.26, 0.27, 0.24, 0.26, 0.2, 0.23, 0.28, 0.3, 0.34, 0.31, 0.3, 0.24, 0.21, 0.17, 0.21, 0.2, 0.2, 0.24, 0.22, 0.33, 0.31, 0.34, 0.38, 0.4, 0.39, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.36, 0.32, 0.27, 0.28, 0.25, 0.28, 0.3, 0.26, 0.29, 0.34, 0.36, 0.3, 0.29, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.3, 0.26, 0.28, 0.28, 0.28, 0.33, 0.33, 0.38, 0.42, 0.4, 0.42, 0.37, 0.46, 0.44, 0.49, 0.59, 0.58, 0.49, 0.46, 0.53, 0.51, 0.49, 0.48, 0.49, 0.43, 0.42, 0.45, 0.4, 0.45, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.54, 0.58, 0.63, 0.65, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.68, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.54, 0.56, 0.55, 0.56, 0.48, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.67, 0.66, 0.75, 0.73, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.73, 0.72, 0.79, 0.79, 0.8, 0.74, 0.84, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8, 0.8200000000000001, 0.93, 0.88, 0.78, 0.72, 0.7000000000000001, 0.74, 0.72, 0.85, 0.85, 0.8, 0.8300000000000001, 0.8200000000000001, 0.87, 0.86, 0.84, 0.77, 0.78, 0.75, 0.67, 0.63, 0.5700000000000001, 0.62, 0.64, 0.58, 0.55, 0.55, 0.65, 0.62, 0.6, 0.65, 0.71, 0.7000000000000001, 0.68, 0.7000000000000001, 0.62, 0.58, 0.58, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.46, 0.44, 0.43, 0.5, 0.52, 0.54, 0.61, 0.53, 0.53, 0.59, 0.66, 0.6900000000000001, 0.66, 0.66, 0.58, 0.52, 0.46, 0.44, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.45, 0.45, 0.39, 0.38, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.33, 0.29, 0.26, 0.31, 0.38, 0.42, 0.49, 0.42, 0.45, 0.43, 0.48, 0.45, 0.43, 0.39, 0.37, 0.39, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.38, 0.39, 0.36, 0.31, 0.35000000000000003, 0.27, 0.29, 0.33, 0.34, 0.34, 0.32, 0.34, 0.35000000000000003, 0.4, 0.38, 0.39, 0.44, 0.5, 0.55, 0.51, 0.5, 0.45, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.42, 0.5, 0.48, 0.49, 0.41000000000000003, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.46, 0.44, 0.46, 0.49, 0.42, 0.45, 0.43, 0.4, 0.4, 0.51, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.48, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.52, 0.52, 0.55, 0.6, 0.63, 0.6, 0.65, 0.66, 0.68, 0.64, 0.65, 0.62, 0.61, 0.55, 0.51, 0.53, 0.52, 0.42, 0.36, 0.38, 0.4, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.44, 0.4, 0.39, 0.36, 0.29, 0.36, 0.36, 0.34, 0.39, 0.36, 0.33, 0.33, 0.25, 0.23, 0.27, 0.29, 0.21, 0.15, 0.17, 0.19, 0.17, 0.19, 0.15, 0.12, 0.14, 0.16, 0.18, 0.17, 0.17, 0.15, 0.12, 0.08, 0.09, 0.07, 0.06, 0.08, 0.05, 0.08, 0.09, 0.08, 0.08, 0.11, 0.11, 0.1, 0.12, 0.11, 0.1, 0.12, 0.05, 0.06, 0.12, 0.12, 0.13, 0.18, 0.23, 0.23, 0.27, 0.24, 0.27, 0.31, 0.29, 0.28, 0.33, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.29, 0.34, 0.42, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.37, 0.32, 0.28, 0.25, 0.19, 0.21, 0.14, 0.21, 0.14, 0.11, 0.07, 0.12, 0.13, 0.11, 0.11, 0.12, 0.21, 0.22, 0.23, 0.2, 0.2, 0.22, 0.28, 0.31, 0.34, 0.31, 0.37, 0.42, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.38, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.37, 0.33, 0.28, 0.29, 0.33, 0.38, 0.42, 0.4, 0.39, 0.36, 0.37, 0.36, 0.36, 0.39, 0.36, 0.38, 0.43, 0.43, 0.39, 0.42, 0.39, 0.38, 0.4, 0.38, 0.39, 0.4, 0.37, 0.42, 0.52, 0.53, 0.59, 0.55, 0.55, 0.5, 0.53, 0.52, 0.49, 0.46, 0.49, 0.52, 0.5, 0.59, 0.61, 0.56, 0.56, 0.47000000000000003, 0.52, 0.56, 0.53, 0.49, 0.52, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.51, 0.5700000000000001, 0.53, 0.5700000000000001, 0.55, 0.66, 0.5700000000000001, 0.53, 0.52, 0.52, 0.59, 0.59, 0.61, 0.65, 0.63, 0.62, 0.63, 0.58, 0.54, 0.48, 0.37, 0.42, 0.33, 0.39, 0.52, 0.48, 0.5, 0.55, 0.54, 0.53, 0.55, 0.59, 0.5700000000000001, 0.64, 0.65, 0.68, 0.67, 0.68, 0.64, 0.67, 0.75, 0.79, 0.8, 0.81, 0.84, 0.87, 0.87, 0.84, 0.74, 0.75, 0.8, 0.88, 0.84, 0.91, 0.86, 0.86, 0.84, 0.8200000000000001, 0.86, 0.92, 0.86, 0.85, 0.79, 0.78, 0.67, 0.64, 0.72, 0.78, 0.76, 0.72, 0.61, 0.62, 0.56, 0.5, 0.55, 0.55, 0.49, 0.47000000000000003, 0.48, 0.48, 0.42, 0.4, 0.36, 0.42, 0.45, 0.45, 0.51, 0.49, 0.51, 0.42, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.44, 0.39, 0.35000000000000003, 0.32, 0.36, 0.38, 0.4, 0.48, 0.47000000000000003, 0.55, 0.59, 0.6, 0.65, 0.68, 0.67, 0.71, 0.68, 0.63, 0.66, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.64, 0.61, 0.63, 0.62, 0.63, 0.67, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.74, 0.63, 0.55, 0.5, 0.5, 0.47000000000000003, 0.45, 0.41000000000000003, 0.38, 0.32, 0.3, 0.32, 0.38, 0.36, 0.32, 0.37, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.45, 0.4, 0.38, 0.31, 0.28, 0.28, 0.37, 0.33, 0.27, 0.29, 0.25, 0.22, 0.2, 0.17, 0.14, 0.15, 0.17, 0.17, 0.23, 0.21, 0.24, 0.24, 0.24, 0.19, 0.19, 0.24, 0.24, 0.3, 0.36, 0.37, 0.35000000000000003, 0.34, 0.29, 0.27, 0.23, 0.28, 0.3, 0.35000000000000003, 0.37, 0.36, 0.48, 0.5, 0.49, 0.54, 0.61, 0.65, 0.64, 0.6, 0.62, 0.56, 0.63, 0.58, 0.53, 0.55, 0.6, 0.6, 0.56, 0.5700000000000001, 0.6, 0.64, 0.58, 0.63, 0.71, 0.66, 0.61, 0.63, 0.68, 0.72, 0.68, 0.68, 0.65, 0.64, 0.7000000000000001, 0.65, 0.66, 0.65, 0.62, 0.56, 0.47000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.44, 0.46, 0.41000000000000003, 0.41000000000000003, 0.43, 0.4, 0.35000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39, 0.4, 0.37, 0.4, 0.32, 0.36, 0.41000000000000003, 0.47000000000000003, 0.39, 0.44, 0.45, 0.51, 0.46, 0.36, 0.33, 0.31, 0.31, 0.31, 0.29, 0.31, 0.4, 0.38, 0.42, 0.42, 0.46, 0.5, 0.56, 0.52, 0.56, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.58, 0.56, 0.61, 0.6, 0.66, 0.7000000000000001, 0.6900000000000001, 0.64, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.56, 0.52, 0.5, 0.52, 0.5, 0.5, 0.46, 0.42, 0.43, 0.36, 0.38, 0.36, 0.44, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.46, 0.43, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.38, 0.37, 0.37, 0.45, 0.42, 0.37, 0.42, 0.44, 0.42, 0.39, 0.39, 0.33, 0.33, 0.3, 0.34, 0.36, 0.38, 0.42, 0.39, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.44, 0.39, 0.4, 0.42, 0.39, 0.4, 0.33, 0.33, 0.29, 0.39, 0.41000000000000003, 0.42, 0.45, 0.44, 0.4, 0.52, 0.55, 0.54, 0.58, 0.61, 0.61, 0.5700000000000001, 0.51, 0.56, 0.54, 0.5, 0.5, 0.53, 0.56, 0.46, 0.54, 0.52, 0.45, 0.47000000000000003, 0.35000000000000003, 0.31, 0.31, 0.32, 0.33, 0.34, 0.28, 0.27, 0.22, 0.21, 0.18, 0.15, 0.15, 0.15, 0.12, 0.06, 0.08, 0.13, 0.07, 0.12, 0.1, 0.13, 0.14, 0.16, 0.13, 0.13, 0.16, 0.2, 0.27, 0.27, 0.32, 0.3, 0.32, 0.28, 0.37, 0.36, 0.37, 0.41000000000000003, 0.39, 0.3, 0.32, 0.35000000000000003, 0.39]}, "type": "Line", "options": {"colors": ["#80b1d3", "#80b1d3"], "name": "10", "thickness": 2}}], "options": {"save_image": true, "range": {"y": [0.023094010767584994, 0.9757219549304675], "x": [0.021748942284471662, 0.9743768864473542], "z": [0.023686027918558727, 0.9763139720814413]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vize13208c0-5374-4aa3-8297-3dfae7aea798",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vize13208c0-5374-4aa3-8297-3dfae7aea798",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="vize13208c0-5374-4aa3-8297-3dfae7aea798"></div>
      </body>
    </html>


For more details, see `X. How to Log and Visualize Simulations <>`__.
