
9. Spatial Gillespie Method
===========================

9.1. Spaces in E-Cell4
----------------------

What the space in E-Cell4 looks like?

.. code:: python

    from ecell4 import *
    
    w1 = ode.ODEWorld(Real3(1, 1, 1))
    w2 = gillespie.GillespieWorld(Real3(1, 1, 1))

We created a cube size, ``1``, on a side for ``ODEWorld`` and
``GillespieWorld``. In this case the volume only matters, that is

.. code:: python

    w3 = ode.ODEWorld(Real3(2, 0.5, 1))  # is almost equivalent to 'w1'
    w4 = gillespie.GillespieWorld(Real3(2, 2, 0.25))  # is almost equivalent to 'w2'

This returns the same results. Because the volume is same as ``1``.

This seems reasonable in homogeneous system, but the cell is NOT
homogeneous. So we need to consider a space for molecular localization.

You can use several types of space and simulation methods in E-Cell4. We
show an example with spatial Gillespie method here.

9.2. Spatial Gillespie Method
-----------------------------

In E-Cell4, the Spatial Gillespie method is included in ``meso`` module.
Let's start with ``run_simulation`` like ``ode``.

.. code:: python

    %matplotlib inline
    import numpy
    from ecell4 import *
    
    with reaction_rules():
        A + B == C | (0.01, 0.3)
    
    y = run_simulation(numpy.linspace(0, 10, 100), {'C': 60}, solver='meso')



.. image:: ./images/tutorial9_6_0.png


At the steady state, the number of ``C`` is given as follows:

.. math::


   \frac{d\mathrm{C}}{dt}=0.01{\cdot}\frac{\mathrm{A}}{V}{\cdot}\frac{\mathrm{B}}{V}-0.3{\cdot}\frac{\mathrm{C}}{V}=0\\
   0.01\left(60-\mathrm{C}\right)^2=0.3\mathrm{C}\times V\\
   \mathrm{C}=30.

You will obtain almost the same result with ``ode`` or ``gillespie``
(may take longer time than ``ode`` or ``gillespie``). This is not
surprising because ``meso`` module is almost same with Gillespie unless
you give additional spatial parameter.

Next we will decompose ``run_simulation``.

.. code:: python

    from ecell4 import *
    
    with reaction_rules():
        A + B == C | (0.01, 0.3)
    
    m = get_model()
    
    w = meso.MesoscopicWorld(Real3(1, 1, 1), Integer3(1, 1, 1))  # XXX: Point2
    w.bind_to(m)  # XXX: Point1
    w.add_molecules(Species('C'), 60)
    
    sim = meso.MesoscopicSimulator(w)  # XXX: Point1
    obs = FixedIntervalNumberObserver(0.1, ('A', 'B', 'C'))
    sim.run(10, obs)
    
    viz.plot_number_observer(obs)



.. image:: ./images/tutorial9_9_0.png


This is nothing out of the ordinary one except for ``MesoscopicWorld``
and ``MesoscopicSimulator``, but you can see some new elements.

First in ``w.bind_to(m)`` we asscociated a ``Model`` to the ``World``.
In the basic exercises before, we did NOT do this. In spatial methods,
``Species`` attributes are necessary. Do not forget to call this. After
that, only the ``World`` is required to create a
``MesoscopicSimulator``.

Next, the important difference is the second argument for
MesoscopicWorld, i.e. ``Integer3(1, 1, 1)``. ``ODEWorld`` and
``GillespieWorld`` do NOT have this second argument. Before we explain
this, let's change this argument and run the simulation again.

.. code:: python

    from ecell4 import *
    
    with reaction_rules():
        A + B == C | (0.01, 0.3)
    
    m = get_model()
    
    w = meso.MesoscopicWorld(Real3(1, 1, 1), Integer3(4, 4, 4))  # XXX: Point2
    w.bind_to(m)  # XXX: Point1
    w.add_molecules(Species('C'), 60)
    
    sim = meso.MesoscopicSimulator(w)  # XXX: Point1
    obs = FixedIntervalNumberObserver(0.1, ('A', 'B', 'C'))
    sim.run(10, obs)
    
    viz.plot_number_observer(obs)



.. image:: ./images/tutorial9_11_0.png


| You must have the different plot. If you increase value in the
``Integer3``, you will have more different one.
| Actually this second argument means the number of spatical partitions.
``meso`` is almost same with ``gillespie``, but ``meso`` divides the
space into cuboids (we call these cuboids subvolumes) and each subvolume
has different molecular concentration by contrast ``gillespie`` has only
one uniform closed space. So in the preceding example, we divided ``1``
cube with sides ``1`` into ``64`` (4x4x4) cubes with sides ``0.25``. We
threw 60 ``C`` molecules into the ``World``. Thus, each ``subvolume``
has 1 species at most.

9.3. Defining Molecular Diffusion Coefficient
---------------------------------------------

Where the difference is coming from? This is because we do NOT consider
molecular diffusion coefficient, although we got a space with ``meso``.
To setup diffusion coefficient, use ``Species`` attribute ``'D'`` in the
way described before (`2. How to Build a
Model <2.%20How%20to%20Build%20a%20Model.ipynb>`__). As shown in `1.
Brief Tour of E-Cell4
Simulations <1.%20Brief%20Tour%20of%20E-Cell4%20Simulations.ipynb>`__,
we use E-Cell4 special notation here.

.. code:: python

    with species_attributes():
        A | {'D': '1'}
        B | {'D': '1'}
        C | {'D': '1'}
    
        # A | B | C | {'D': '1'}  # means the same as above
    
    get_model()




.. parsed-literal::

    <ecell4.core.NetworkModel at 0x7fc5748aeac8>



You can setup diffusion coefficient with ``with species_attributes():``
statement. Here we set all the diffusion coefficient as ``1``. Let's
simulate this model again. Now you must have the almost same result with
``gillespie`` even with large ``Integer3`` value (the simulation will
takes much longer than ``gillespie``).

How did the molecular diffusion work for the problem? Think about free
diffusion (the diffusion coefficient of a Species is :math:`D`) in 3D
space. The unit of diffusion coefficient is the square of length divided
by time like :math:`\mathrm{\mu m}^2/s` or :math:`\mathrm{nm}^2/\mu s`.

It is known that the average of the square of point distance from time
:math:`0` to :math:`t` is equal to :math:`6Dt`. Conversely the average
of the time scale in a space with length scale :math:`l` is about
:math:`l^2/6D`.

In the above case, the size of each subvolume is 0.25 and the diffusion
coefficient is 1. Thus the time scale is about 0.01 sec. If the
molecules of the ``Species`` ``A`` and ``B`` are in the same subvolume,
it takes about 1.5 sec to react, so in most cases the diffusion is
faster than the reaction and the molecules move to other subvolume even
dissociated in the same subvolume. The smaller :math:`l`, the smaller
subvolume's volume :math:`l^3`, so the reaction rate after dissociation
is faster, and the time of the diffusion and the transition between the
subvolume gets smaller too.

9.4. Molecular localization
---------------------------

We have used ``add_molecules`` function to add molecules to ``World`` in
the same manner as ``ode`` or ``gillespie``. Meanwhile in
``MesoscopicWorld``, you can put in molecules according to the spatial
presentation.

.. code:: python

    from ecell4 import *
    
    w = meso.MesoscopicWorld(Real3(1, 1, 1), Integer3(3, 3, 3))
    w.add_molecules(Species('A'), 120)
    w.add_molecules(Species('B'), 120, Integer3(1, 1, 1))

In ``MesoscopicWorld``, you can set the subvolume and the molecule
locations by giving the third argument ``Integer3`` to
``add_molecules``. In the above example, the molecule type ``A`` spreads
all over the space, but the molecule type ``B`` only locates in a
subvolume at the center of the volume. To check this, use
``num_molecules`` function with a coordinate.

.. code:: python

    print(w.num_molecules(Species('B')))  # must print 120
    print(w.num_molecules(Species('B'), Integer3(0, 0, 0)))  # must print 0
    print(w.num_molecules(Species('B'), Integer3(1, 1, 1)))  # must print 120


.. parsed-literal::

    120
    0
    120


Furthermore, if you have IPython Notebook environment, you can visualize
the molecular localization with ``ecell4.viz`` module.

.. code:: python

    viz.plot_world(w, radius=0.01)



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://d3js.org/d3.v3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
             Elegans: [
               'https://cdn.rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/15e85b0dafdb6f09181c1ee2f0c47218f6fd698d/release/elegans.min',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.2811855058340976, 0.2631870399539669, 0.14700670672270158, 0.22484778504197794, 0.3151280956032375, 0.09400544121551016, 0.331350708923613, 0.18263219584090012, 0.24519723940951127, 0.2187537123293926, 0.09978564479388297, 0.14888282896329957, 0.17652834804418185, 0.161435688380152, 0.05617159969794253, 0.23960246549298364, 0.4313840310399731, 0.6573740392923355, 0.4875724827094624, 0.6146655426515887, 0.34957219248947996, 0.5614205275196582, 0.39676647586748004, 0.501129903908198, 0.5122624117260177, 0.4187715660470227, 0.4208714141665647, 0.3612363141340514, 0.663597336737439, 0.8150323235119382, 0.9128782915261884, 0.6888364112625519, 0.8500724420882761, 0.7259771588724107, 0.7251292328971127, 0.7046271381744493, 0.8825095777089397, 0.9194710006316502, 0.03190505341626704, 0.2088880715891719, 0.17087509180419147, 0.11217297582576671, 0.026854706307252247, 0.07244001150441666, 0.07731959627320369, 0.17751176406939823, 0.20180136694883305, 0.28822426148690283, 0.17276460630819201, 0.29561167481976247, 0.6200301724796493, 0.39536384089539445, 0.3824661287944764, 0.4961906919876734, 0.504463555291295, 0.5006098021597911, 0.40971651192133623, 0.4636854906566441, 0.4487751774334659, 0.38482692496230203, 0.40581057593226433, 0.8273819151024023, 0.9575029161448281, 0.9917530153567593, 0.9379470412774633, 0.838737985274444, 0.7849760182046641, 0.958301049657166, 0.8608029422660668, 0.7804270912893116, 0.6812469728756696, 0.9774426237369578, 0.9809285640561332, 0.8653771513296912, 0.7309977445596207, 0.8745797091008474, 0.752418669949596, 0.8178669118011991, 0.7615159222235282, 0.9319639804307371, 0.7572306947161753, 0.05077681286881367, 0.31668512864659226, 0.23722311427506307, 0.28310437236602104, 0.21326308146429557, 0.22359827905893326, 0.04286975219535331, 0.2114077965573718, 0.06718630638594428, 0.12413444323465228, 0.23843900285040337, 0.15521761503381032, 0.22939687858646113, 0.19663184027497965, 0.28656088941109675, 0.0009356723943104346, 0.31675502929526067, 0.47859954593392706, 0.4208656169939786, 0.4107663594962408, 0.6293301826032499, 0.4093003980039308, 0.42485597589984536, 0.5764811926831801, 0.5203714157299448, 0.3721359107488145, 0.33778048244615394, 0.5937085365876555, 0.6126652776729316, 0.4014035339156786, 0.7962133964368452, 0.8440316888348509, 0.8000371816257635, 0.9217162679415196, 0.938676732359454, 0.7297705761933078, 0.9804963457087676, 0.8474475296679884, 0.9566442548918228], "x": [0.004342019557952881, 0.21526500148077804, 0.18995813916747767, 0.05649615125730634, 0.32543384470045567, 0.23011150304228067, 0.0810796853620559, 0.020426484135289986, 0.4164921019691974, 0.4708792047264675, 0.5433085883657137, 0.34764565255803365, 0.8702997997558365, 0.7218720295932144, 0.9102918570085118, 0.8881506230682135, 0.28312375404251117, 0.1147762689894686, 0.03553701192140579, 0.03671862751555939, 0.5497299591855456, 0.6189474177081138, 0.6976406349955747, 0.9025492918056746, 0.9749517419065039, 0.8212280891214807, 0.9822747133827459, 0.6904749185778201, 0.9416006381313007, 0.01635225249143938, 0.14799396484158933, 0.5027592692834635, 0.6618413459509611, 0.5410820770387847, 0.8800557550663749, 0.9136376044092078, 0.992265725042671, 0.7101160122547299, 0.10832879374114175, 0.06962124390217164, 0.26950103463605046, 0.13187305303290486, 0.31977232949187356, 0.491574834799394, 0.3528147252121319, 0.4576535637800892, 0.4531530627670387, 0.5971937514065454, 0.9380826926014076, 0.8431842672483374, 0.04080063865209619, 0.10568242170847952, 0.07935712913361688, 0.23463089927099645, 0.15111744093398252, 0.5625738697126508, 0.5199239396800597, 0.686410700281461, 0.7085411485750228, 0.9084696138743311, 0.6949101667075107, 0.22063387488014996, 0.2873249401648839, 0.23461155290715396, 0.22739034541882575, 0.05472755432128906, 0.08977309117714563, 0.09227435709908605, 0.3375161577326556, 0.36292627872899175, 0.49956223003876704, 0.5626750946976244, 0.42992121338223416, 0.6448644449313481, 0.893200860125944, 0.8905401485972106, 0.8871771806540588, 0.7329265987500548, 0.9272129590002198, 0.7533692542929202, 0.9207290074943255, 0.013766010369484622, 0.30200092688513297, 0.14398754582119483, 0.009944911114871502, 0.1556508996679137, 0.4058669991015146, 0.46068282433164615, 0.460648330161348, 0.48843906082523364, 0.5079186474128315, 0.4260016099239389, 0.42739180754870176, 0.37455630876744783, 0.47320036799646914, 0.3721950993252297, 0.9711515774639945, 0.7903093721251935, 0.04168247516887883, 0.16270590589071313, 0.02292087775034209, 0.12009263294748962, 0.0909836272864292, 0.642008040798828, 0.6135431620447586, 0.42428300521957374, 0.5133823937115569, 0.5503691351041198, 0.4113134961420049, 0.8182175995316356, 0.9760064093861729, 0.18970035288172463, 0.243890747660771, 0.04555838508531451, 0.890908284811303, 0.7391333724372089, 0.9015944852338482, 0.840749594848603, 0.6977790398523211, 0.8126582333352417], "z": [0.14312373016340035, 0.2167335859655092, 0.2766644648121049, 0.21981734588431814, 0.21114773869824904, 0.3305103284462044, 0.2356699421070516, 0.13293450178268054, 0.14861144707538188, 0.059496403128529586, 0.16568310465663671, 0.21319083085594076, 0.003761918672050039, 0.09120232743831971, 0.3229188110368947, 0.019590936445941527, 0.08542575951044758, 0.12818950375852484, 0.19672817356574038, 0.20066806852507094, 0.203645364769424, 0.06755014245087901, 0.21133358877462644, 0.19505613204091787, 0.2620269360486418, 0.18864566173094013, 0.01694949281712373, 0.17760167480446398, 0.249893234965081, 0.28675039562707144, 0.16660912109849352, 0.054064775429045156, 0.26410489149081207, 0.2578004648288091, 0.15585869752491513, 0.09751185208248594, 0.0260351305672278, 0.2743998917285353, 0.516725932713598, 0.4891696044554313, 0.5149933927847693, 0.38767789575892186, 0.47532092438389856, 0.42620783508755267, 0.41142734380749363, 0.5438405299404014, 0.3664666936577608, 0.563179515224571, 0.5706883996414641, 0.5597255049894253, 0.6073735491372645, 0.5208090938006837, 0.42737567036723095, 0.5422033597715199, 0.5369107897082964, 0.4170019608767082, 0.41871122154407203, 0.35103289798522985, 0.4877473252514998, 0.5680076591670513, 0.5175241501225779, 0.6277559483423829, 0.6389148965633163, 0.3654737012305607, 0.38885551419419545, 0.4698663623227427, 0.6443875290763874, 0.5835626808305581, 0.339629274715359, 0.601322348928079, 0.661424880536894, 0.35488701929959154, 0.35815943878454465, 0.33909712087673444, 0.43364296799215174, 0.504724124756952, 0.422546212018157, 0.4607372113969177, 0.6386206940126915, 0.4141710647381842, 0.4723330404764662, 0.9605016452260315, 0.681091488416617, 0.8781747298004726, 0.990500084279726, 0.7787070106714964, 0.9376061216462404, 0.7017920607856164, 0.8250379262026399, 0.7482594444106022, 0.703661886587118, 0.8628374984643111, 0.6780495571438223, 0.9077241783185551, 0.8637269379105419, 0.8071179009663562, 0.9703926250804216, 0.9294013588999708, 0.8839362438302487, 0.9659581575542688, 0.7071734644317378, 0.6694075854805608, 0.9099180864480634, 0.7072104589703182, 0.7358969180689503, 0.9994904226623476, 0.8111012110797067, 0.761088029636691, 0.7427974661501745, 0.9589710802150269, 0.8322682274350275, 0.739193394780159, 0.9097517922054976, 0.7533384140115231, 0.895110075129196, 0.97678479195262, 0.9792127232067287, 0.9981080310729642, 0.6726431269974757, 0.8832613635653008]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#a6cee3", "name": "A", "size": 0.3}}, {"data": {"y": [0.48707375155451393, 0.5472788206922511, 0.586999481699119, 0.4195383982732892, 0.3503137825367351, 0.6478888661755869, 0.641384329025944, 0.6208590506576002, 0.418778157637765, 0.3558966532194366, 0.5739935278737296, 0.3900660949293524, 0.4612188692359874, 0.6136774214295049, 0.4874594061014553, 0.34373027202673256, 0.6660750532367576, 0.5638867899154623, 0.5358518840124209, 0.3940976085917403, 0.6139834893401712, 0.3953611803396294, 0.6361967176198959, 0.5505313680817683, 0.52401323011145, 0.3608229205322762, 0.3431270585861057, 0.5665008515740434, 0.49964397051371634, 0.4412257838218162, 0.6154334769429017, 0.6022308671381325, 0.5489227420960863, 0.37837552783700323, 0.4217831560721, 0.45119223976507783, 0.5986404234233001, 0.5577313778921962, 0.5775475309540827, 0.6112153939902782, 0.43813901666241384, 0.5168467804323882, 0.5785095969525476, 0.3939986180824538, 0.5246171546168625, 0.3745641077402979, 0.35042137186974287, 0.5338305284579594, 0.4314720307011157, 0.3395379486028105, 0.6129333199933171, 0.5338098442492385, 0.6342838332056999, 0.573954449656109, 0.4264677719523509, 0.4943673857487738, 0.4311738648296644, 0.3872740251633028, 0.3658727459454288, 0.5317079525751371, 0.3772413590146849, 0.35735465710361797, 0.4474602783254037, 0.5799384861408422, 0.584985325190549, 0.4586958692719539, 0.6325762516353279, 0.4071955201992144, 0.3387443032115698, 0.6064605616653959, 0.5867244296241552, 0.6028064370620996, 0.5009341870900244, 0.49554594489745796, 0.3809150798867146, 0.6608174759118507, 0.5675443098880351, 0.44659696822054684, 0.5224304325723399, 0.4287079668914278, 0.5262609131168574, 0.39193510791907704, 0.6429401806866128, 0.5002605751312027, 0.3979869126342237, 0.5370289412482331, 0.42240865629476804, 0.41871226121050614, 0.3469689597841352, 0.367477328206102, 0.5916633282322437, 0.5393147297824422, 0.35750566446222365, 0.5832199278132368, 0.3796162414364517, 0.6358735190394024, 0.41794276152116555, 0.5423402470381309, 0.45193340621578193, 0.6321748791572948, 0.387356862736245, 0.5201353692294408, 0.5146199371665716, 0.6582784475758672, 0.38882437480303145, 0.6637398157423983, 0.43984715725916124, 0.4989555710926652, 0.548291291653489, 0.6626523610514898, 0.5282037791330367, 0.6015283912420273, 0.44816700819258887, 0.4795989152044058, 0.6058940360477815, 0.5233814430733521, 0.5785568255620698, 0.6576126820873469, 0.4528752761737754, 0.6327542237316568], "x": [0.46485912178953487, 0.33637888954641915, 0.5906829056330025, 0.5458360045061756, 0.5185129943614204, 0.36052053390691674, 0.5052091809144864, 0.4070914389255146, 0.45690476708114147, 0.3605635199540605, 0.43547959245430923, 0.6486640232615173, 0.643012479878962, 0.4585717024747282, 0.6019597835838795, 0.42755775401989615, 0.6077344499062747, 0.5498902048760403, 0.5064119010542829, 0.3379196410533041, 0.41363495557258523, 0.6064310199581087, 0.46181810398896533, 0.47464238960916794, 0.4634280747268349, 0.6060950343186656, 0.6330692023038864, 0.615228110148261, 0.553551028172175, 0.35787694443327683, 0.5666596967106063, 0.49572810623794794, 0.4122378926258534, 0.4672217567761739, 0.5402092910371721, 0.4225122758653015, 0.5820188276314486, 0.6298779127343247, 0.5908269881426046, 0.3951541076724728, 0.4345723494576911, 0.4994025888542334, 0.41782849227699137, 0.5656971426991124, 0.5623693387800206, 0.635490446506689, 0.5023312751048554, 0.3437012523257484, 0.4910308341495693, 0.4608642493840307, 0.5496042052594323, 0.6436842910479754, 0.5157460594394554, 0.5971944040308396, 0.33459329341227806, 0.43390535951281584, 0.5771827086185415, 0.6631130103487521, 0.34389010040710366, 0.445647843570138, 0.4796035999121765, 0.6470869870390743, 0.5238318552728742, 0.6149554589452843, 0.5575392650595555, 0.6633231531207759, 0.5501986315163473, 0.33638610139799613, 0.6425997721186528, 0.49450927414000034, 0.618762260923783, 0.4643238365339736, 0.528959104946504, 0.6636078764374057, 0.45679262109721697, 0.6567387341056019, 0.385142384795472, 0.6089686932197461, 0.5627184736852844, 0.5958215337401876, 0.5580396192769209, 0.3529563522121558, 0.4654155021222929, 0.6218020047526807, 0.3553987418611844, 0.5674280485448737, 0.6263952717029799, 0.5546578487070898, 0.6355300395128627, 0.4131955152067045, 0.4519050176410625, 0.6389120890138049, 0.48196523846127093, 0.5564595980104059, 0.6469303585278491, 0.4713729852810502, 0.5463610225512335, 0.6568081035899619, 0.5230265487140665, 0.6164478984040518, 0.42470381044161815, 0.4232179357204586, 0.5240355075802654, 0.41284503314333654, 0.47968266384365654, 0.6481787422671914, 0.6662494726479053, 0.6258431564395626, 0.5406344524429489, 0.5635484260662148, 0.33754416601732373, 0.5453527486727883, 0.377381693959857, 0.4095345199263344, 0.5442562724929303, 0.5361010135772327, 0.63398800464347, 0.5708781520370394, 0.36346217966638505, 0.45833316445350647], "z": [0.563190434128046, 0.38667287312758464, 0.5311085581003377, 0.6417120678039888, 0.6035162567471464, 0.5165134714140246, 0.3983597212936729, 0.5313996243445823, 0.5047322790293644, 0.6388894742509971, 0.4596931997997065, 0.5876625410746783, 0.5590178393758833, 0.42429522704333067, 0.4930458404123783, 0.470157260618483, 0.5846043944669266, 0.4395011001421759, 0.5432824462962647, 0.4992484745259086, 0.43802515642407036, 0.49852405542818207, 0.4056860615964979, 0.5624071843146036, 0.52373740899687, 0.5837416622477273, 0.6444836639178295, 0.5513468804613997, 0.46783584154521424, 0.6302909324876964, 0.3387948782959332, 0.5437393280056615, 0.5438398639671504, 0.6402493881372113, 0.6576043780272205, 0.4786300309933722, 0.435935879436632, 0.5474311494423697, 0.6487619770535578, 0.33472704157854116, 0.5532604209923495, 0.502383383611838, 0.3794329084921628, 0.35946591376947856, 0.5662508043460548, 0.3895345057826489, 0.5712947874174763, 0.6306193982406209, 0.4427359765395522, 0.41703713537814713, 0.4364250119154652, 0.4590503758129974, 0.6498639221924046, 0.5559215746664752, 0.4330226047895849, 0.6146894648360709, 0.5721457594384749, 0.526269269020607, 0.35766805188419915, 0.4602013737118492, 0.4378682939956585, 0.480197749643897, 0.36568468591819203, 0.5156497684462616, 0.5336365612844626, 0.6136764978679518, 0.5821230084014435, 0.6308901647571474, 0.6212447617823879, 0.5927208424545825, 0.5318411171901971, 0.37290000721501804, 0.4420624147945394, 0.4487351623829454, 0.5555092742821822, 0.4390075512540837, 0.4272386546557148, 0.584996235013629, 0.5554413558760036, 0.5855576362616072, 0.4104055334658672, 0.3881892116429905, 0.6287655086101342, 0.49735072581097484, 0.6386136522827048, 0.4297063605238994, 0.43920589711827535, 0.5921735820205261, 0.5912014249867449, 0.42742393002845347, 0.61344768324246, 0.449541700615858, 0.5446990641454855, 0.6607482651403794, 0.46500630901815987, 0.37780205936481553, 0.467240280782183, 0.461788906250149, 0.6185512350251277, 0.4674021271833529, 0.35746172831083334, 0.38082553966281313, 0.6572927177573243, 0.39398426678963006, 0.6462794488761574, 0.43160077525923646, 0.5377510425945122, 0.4719840372757365, 0.6552138196614881, 0.544326146831736, 0.6404558524178962, 0.4819309851930787, 0.44025995729801554, 0.6018022949962566, 0.48135118248562014, 0.4556642244569957, 0.4194950537445644, 0.40396616281941533, 0.4442361635155976, 0.46745613046611345]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#1f78b4", "name": "B", "size": 0.3}}], "options": {"save_image": false, "range": {"y": [0.0, 1.0], "x": [0.0, 1.0], "z": [0.0, 1.0]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizb21d5454-ad5a-4e45-a80e-fdb1d7db23d5",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizb21d5454-ad5a-4e45-a80e-fdb1d7db23d5",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="vizb21d5454-ad5a-4e45-a80e-fdb1d7db23d5"></div>
      </body>
    </html>




.. parsed-literal::

    '"vizb21d5454-ad5a-4e45-a80e-fdb1d7db23d5"'



.. code:: python

    plot_id = viz.plot_world(w, radius=0.01)
    viz.to_png(plot_id)



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://d3js.org/d3.v3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
             Elegans: [
               'https://cdn.rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/15e85b0dafdb6f09181c1ee2f0c47218f6fd698d/release/elegans.min',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.28717292907337344, 0.110223336222892, 0.11340251200211544, 0.1307019362381349, 0.20744499820284545, 0.008104902536918718, 0.25221682743479806, 0.1873896369555344, 0.07286925932082036, 0.1551763491394619, 0.02136110778277119, 0.15599227471587557, 0.24534519971348345, 0.3006890726586183, 0.3286392285954207, 0.2878556961659342, 0.3872023094445467, 0.493503741066282, 0.5395547777103881, 0.35340868402272463, 0.4813329472672194, 0.6291633083019406, 0.38540312756473816, 0.40334154207569856, 0.3363322088650117, 0.5968151822841415, 0.6585743595690776, 0.36205667358202237, 0.4492572476932158, 0.7037063076471288, 0.7553234840743244, 0.7399621307073782, 0.8918283173503975, 0.8765152643124262, 0.9795420318065833, 0.8139735319806883, 0.8598501902694503, 0.9651642489091803, 0.3079201894967506, 0.22611141810193658, 0.15109764916511872, 0.17809716138678292, 0.2881339679006487, 0.28849193725424505, 0.0826380633128186, 0.029580873204395175, 0.07225989659006396, 0.0530129037797451, 0.19065919735779363, 0.008940294462566573, 0.5867935374844819, 0.36512414234069485, 0.4884148670826107, 0.510698311884577, 0.43140974563236034, 0.6335094029394288, 0.40612921390372014, 0.4938435078753779, 0.33837292762473226, 0.6005821930399785, 0.5912234870096047, 0.6882927825984855, 0.6901311612843225, 0.9020549190851549, 0.7709084293649842, 0.9074941550691922, 0.6724753622741748, 0.7333734579539547, 0.9064170013492305, 0.7552267462015152, 0.7761514352944989, 0.8625595949900646, 0.8160388624916474, 0.8372791709844023, 0.8066436334823568, 0.8453898351484288, 0.6780569771459947, 0.9887096070839714, 0.9888148933338623, 0.9618401557672769, 0.6845976462742934, 0.25481998090011376, 0.23625360002430776, 0.12079513647283116, 0.2638421068744113, 0.021359994386633236, 0.0964671045076102, 0.14134935739760596, 0.18287856915655235, 0.31639693685186404, 0.0853502833439658, 0.12372196675278246, 0.19402074487879872, 0.17906054598279297, 0.23895228413554528, 0.22378161712549627, 0.12173526477999985, 0.2086572532231609, 0.527342707850039, 0.5131539494420091, 0.47426569228991866, 0.5897742855983475, 0.5210404839211453, 0.4434973174550881, 0.40179227936702466, 0.521412987417231, 0.50721387223651, 0.5657296934320281, 0.6188788225408643, 0.5979663612476239, 0.3886927149724215, 0.9694439539064963, 0.8425069193666179, 0.9288176734310885, 0.6724104050081223, 0.853391042832906, 0.7544701184766988, 0.7361741629429162, 0.7121600800504286, 0.9537471179695178], "x": [0.001282058423385024, 0.31371984723955393, 0.20206553970153132, 0.1168694767790536, 0.31560428347438574, 0.08529847301542759, 0.1803468415358414, 0.22203905213003355, 0.5681086669986446, 0.37426034462017316, 0.35765292278180516, 0.537835284989948, 0.9489839183321844, 0.7924331276832769, 0.93496430090939, 0.9899639926540356, 0.15363906409280995, 0.28003487922251225, 0.1774234982052197, 0.10740642397043605, 0.3345615700818598, 0.3575212106419106, 0.9339104238897562, 0.8593786781032879, 0.8500746105176706, 0.7755466292922695, 0.8430893511977047, 0.9017314683490742, 0.7213322642880181, 0.17140009626746178, 0.023463981924578547, 0.5422436428101112, 0.5825182092376053, 0.36029881215654314, 0.8046389052178711, 0.9232220467335235, 0.7012252684216946, 0.9613414807245135, 0.239242592593655, 0.26477653393521905, 0.1102788239562263, 0.016614766636242468, 0.23871026785733798, 0.3735498871343831, 0.49933498826188344, 0.6658338205888867, 0.6008506488675872, 0.34397600366113085, 0.9463794322218746, 0.7903678461443633, 0.2187890556330482, 0.025493605605637033, 0.13405396998859942, 0.12874681789738435, 0.1844638732727617, 0.5169678611370424, 0.6253259923929969, 0.7798566853938003, 0.8104898144180576, 0.758940393726031, 0.8135798928172637, 0.19703387841582298, 0.23261279053986073, 0.09606045895876983, 0.13764489690462747, 0.09717567653084794, 0.22559533221647143, 0.06093665064933399, 0.534628953008602, 0.4779958853808542, 0.5966305939170221, 0.4901320356875658, 0.4624460124565909, 0.6494367552610735, 0.825691499048844, 0.7839228712643186, 0.9492365626307826, 0.842140618013218, 0.7882709217568238, 0.9457250212629635, 0.7124633016064763, 0.050179396135111645, 0.08604182271907726, 0.30404160319206613, 0.16037383729902405, 0.17658101107614735, 0.5781975497181217, 0.36150100066637, 0.45875502610579133, 0.4979219144831101, 0.5503171910531819, 0.4835079862580945, 0.524869553046301, 0.36282976530492306, 0.6558637528990705, 0.3619667054930081, 0.9053619455080479, 0.693600674237435, 0.26025932460712886, 0.056558462558314204, 0.30955428862944245, 0.2695895655391117, 0.15061809223455686, 0.6387308637301127, 0.3707421713043004, 0.3525897400298466, 0.5052983947874357, 0.6659695589914918, 0.6154685628910859, 0.9784861991647631, 0.7425064614508301, 0.0956941406863431, 0.24926665984094143, 0.29748974088579416, 0.9022586960345507, 0.6862473169652124, 0.7081436417065561, 0.8832297447758416, 0.98383083109123, 0.7485530104022473], "z": [0.10918435989879072, 0.10241934168152511, 0.26769744775568444, 0.10905999061651528, 0.19946140609681606, 0.15101058307724693, 0.014686727508281667, 0.13803207967430353, 0.20588780070344606, 0.24749761594769853, 0.26857457744578517, 0.05619100946933031, 0.12035903233724335, 0.12249873097365101, 0.3298199197743088, 0.12717150912309685, 0.20243007053310672, 0.0460672911722213, 0.3124416385156413, 0.147863575645412, 0.2360284941581388, 0.31301246862858534, 0.2047922310885042, 0.09333685071518023, 0.08229901222512126, 0.17839418646569052, 0.01798758415194849, 0.3082402558065951, 0.2428501689961801, 0.2014358948605756, 0.17308474355377257, 0.13448034754643837, 0.0002940037908653418, 0.06295899387138584, 0.23440557601861656, 0.06692904373630881, 0.2965088846006741, 0.011165177682414651, 0.36953415682849783, 0.4800471692190816, 0.4897301266901195, 0.6044660258727769, 0.4004782849612335, 0.6130375464757283, 0.49062777326131857, 0.46547254904483754, 0.5852515979980428, 0.4293119927557806, 0.4981955075636506, 0.4074267846687386, 0.5654105947663386, 0.6470558045742412, 0.36841095207879937, 0.36041523492895067, 0.6666201791570832, 0.605651091163357, 0.5060848987971742, 0.5559109035724152, 0.5952869558241218, 0.6054173811959723, 0.4387668427079916, 0.5893396164756268, 0.4267292408427844, 0.5244759522999326, 0.5269502512334535, 0.4356865046235422, 0.45236180210486054, 0.42894035725233454, 0.3414480687739948, 0.5251939126756042, 0.661547584614406, 0.3987850851844996, 0.5945932595835377, 0.4572088915544251, 0.34822581871412694, 0.5005950774842252, 0.650065124578153, 0.5531845275933543, 0.5396753191016614, 0.6014932358327011, 0.397276459261775, 0.7795786620117724, 0.8177605873594681, 0.7975500129008044, 0.9357902402213465, 0.9557964683044702, 0.9065827618663509, 0.7292140520488222, 0.8577488199031601, 0.7968816947347174, 0.7900258505251259, 0.7688674253877252, 0.7491047945804894, 0.7724511209720124, 0.9857466648487996, 0.7907650577835739, 0.9442228560801595, 0.8019086321194966, 0.7762372069216023, 0.7183304606781651, 0.7931298043889303, 0.8099696608260274, 0.8956939157408972, 0.7198584307916462, 0.8442375545855612, 0.8694069359917194, 0.7990013222830991, 0.8562763579344997, 0.6888645229240258, 0.9778873037236433, 0.7276381178914259, 0.9890494196830939, 0.973200907620291, 0.8746038802588979, 0.9161947299726307, 0.7279971361470718, 0.8438195458923776, 0.8925792739416162, 0.8762093330733478, 0.7784730324832101]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#a6cee3", "name": "A", "size": 0.3}}, {"data": {"y": [0.393280665234973, 0.5658667451546837, 0.5989746954292059, 0.4171434735568861, 0.46297126123681664, 0.3745941052523752, 0.43252124722736573, 0.5980925833185513, 0.42187142255716026, 0.6136917589077104, 0.3582638984080404, 0.4742179401218891, 0.4870484413889547, 0.39337803136246896, 0.48379936239992577, 0.39439908298663795, 0.3852160278862963, 0.5806238638858, 0.37802738711858785, 0.5187233701969186, 0.6279394153971225, 0.4806684465923657, 0.6491385553963482, 0.3529541130798558, 0.5081444833582888, 0.5579651991526285, 0.5979808944587905, 0.47500297574636835, 0.5280400436992446, 0.6451785933847228, 0.47196920976663626, 0.4130708676918099, 0.5373613175470382, 0.4486494865268469, 0.648758342101549, 0.5712281356099993, 0.5567911456649501, 0.6056696258795757, 0.5907317421709497, 0.5071185235089312, 0.6466640388437856, 0.4247605603498717, 0.3421446575472752, 0.4808074051979929, 0.431543165895467, 0.3918999689631164, 0.622747308652227, 0.45980620523914695, 0.3720239659305662, 0.5499373814867188, 0.5498238157791395, 0.6581269155722111, 0.37485564864861465, 0.4479217373300344, 0.6584155859115223, 0.6047077383069942, 0.4410572361666709, 0.47544127027504146, 0.5572418880959351, 0.47376873934020597, 0.4600427851546556, 0.6163476302754134, 0.5390061850193888, 0.4999642206045488, 0.4759062712546438, 0.6521664931594083, 0.345115260919556, 0.34160507043513155, 0.42024808043303585, 0.3936453038671364, 0.5678942267938206, 0.3421938353373358, 0.35168659252425033, 0.5090173184095571, 0.38936928543262184, 0.5412422021230061, 0.6439168483484536, 0.3921378171847512, 0.5598955394234508, 0.3341599629105379, 0.6628541444273044, 0.5065894350409508, 0.6207739988652368, 0.48203876187714434, 0.4108160571971287, 0.47447694310297567, 0.3444554261708011, 0.3706529963916788, 0.4031910242047161, 0.42055238923057914, 0.6310833618044853, 0.3848129717322687, 0.3536994503811002, 0.5036468574932466, 0.4983669763120512, 0.6367625840163479, 0.5128278854147841, 0.6419373663763205, 0.37154891559233266, 0.6386077730761219, 0.47246263176202774, 0.6480177035555243, 0.4701232676549504, 0.37652426965845126, 0.4200974310903499, 0.4945521545596421, 0.6329581576089064, 0.4505751418570677, 0.6194029895899196, 0.5480767753906548, 0.49225278897210956, 0.4932884493221839, 0.40649531533320743, 0.6124723746130863, 0.6134395106540371, 0.5085276470053941, 0.5203960359406967, 0.6555092256360997, 0.5984524981273959, 0.43202943409172195], "x": [0.5894845271638284, 0.6556977475993335, 0.37809428960705793, 0.6389725146970401, 0.5608983596321195, 0.5323547209457804, 0.37072894761028385, 0.5902510582624624, 0.3999966114449004, 0.6408312445661674, 0.3450075266882777, 0.5817133169621229, 0.5312877102599789, 0.38844325789250433, 0.41158718227719265, 0.465101275825873, 0.4531570724211633, 0.55294848823299, 0.6329585726683338, 0.6654782461312909, 0.40052093495614827, 0.4294013668938229, 0.588436818215996, 0.5674474286691595, 0.4651477398195614, 0.5216047762272258, 0.6448477274583031, 0.40200598957017064, 0.3690138090557108, 0.4202520130978276, 0.5075721650694807, 0.45995020579236245, 0.565864374085019, 0.3467250056564808, 0.41328245362577337, 0.3533832764563461, 0.4554381133833279, 0.439259479365622, 0.5908901328997065, 0.6048838138425101, 0.5915649108743916, 0.49705252501492697, 0.42654512892477214, 0.3781140469945967, 0.6459711736533791, 0.5987042892569054, 0.35619143109458185, 0.6222101071228583, 0.506590985149766, 0.5434339728672057, 0.5720454182010144, 0.570299485232681, 0.4881951960269362, 0.5734181116955975, 0.46086174102189637, 0.39302410557866096, 0.47944875348669785, 0.38864223294270533, 0.4050353852411111, 0.48078261393432814, 0.5076185998041183, 0.5366523903018484, 0.5887697224194804, 0.6558507531881332, 0.5997582373674959, 0.39053356228396297, 0.5998514503395805, 0.5328508807191004, 0.3570801426346103, 0.6053922112720708, 0.4751278962163875, 0.3646032201747099, 0.40347050029473996, 0.4651151157449931, 0.6288563703031589, 0.5396146820858121, 0.642823717634504, 0.5844921894216288, 0.40365935567145544, 0.3741583997228493, 0.39338359353132546, 0.3564201972912997, 0.392734045162797, 0.4184035090729594, 0.5413610622442017, 0.3406874977517873, 0.5653505728890498, 0.529047026609381, 0.5829501221111665, 0.6574829439632595, 0.47691568957331276, 0.4928494117533167, 0.3732304954125235, 0.5193967595696449, 0.619477927374343, 0.41600378998555243, 0.3870266422163695, 0.5213263564898322, 0.3934732214547694, 0.5546404024741302, 0.663742660311982, 0.358716956883048, 0.35901882390802103, 0.515757380053401, 0.33769609647182125, 0.6301115457899868, 0.4193887071063121, 0.6626911367444942, 0.6127607413412381, 0.5682008962612599, 0.4896330516785383, 0.6625489823054522, 0.46030600500913954, 0.5256506011355668, 0.4703478602847705, 0.5823084807489067, 0.5491500697874774, 0.3630458858485023, 0.4954129102018972, 0.5650597411052634], "z": [0.4628454578729967, 0.41266839811578393, 0.5541041892332335, 0.5039111488343526, 0.5124000613577664, 0.34429865586571395, 0.41663073375821114, 0.4879431691175947, 0.6378397240769118, 0.3782829471553365, 0.6191606770735234, 0.49776870020044345, 0.6450175075636555, 0.580204067674155, 0.5231413442331055, 0.6104676784792293, 0.4758827470553418, 0.4139011413014183, 0.4591372620780021, 0.6542583471164107, 0.4370088229576746, 0.3891706904396415, 0.4575031083853294, 0.6278945109030852, 0.40675378466645873, 0.5628244929636518, 0.6422914856423934, 0.5787101646419615, 0.5694573833607137, 0.5769938357019175, 0.5363875378388911, 0.3607833982290079, 0.6023156683271129, 0.40504596910128987, 0.4393733605587234, 0.5828473018482327, 0.5172083776754637, 0.4153216945317884, 0.5205574788463612, 0.43535836413502693, 0.3512565749697387, 0.5019709235057235, 0.4004775732755661, 0.5969887746032327, 0.5259030789602548, 0.49391626900372404, 0.6482307661014298, 0.5474316873587668, 0.3605381269007921, 0.5780914016067982, 0.6476283837885906, 0.4077251045964658, 0.5521889521429936, 0.5966373406505833, 0.6608072454109788, 0.5296495736110955, 0.40569736661079026, 0.5435928599132845, 0.3409227149871488, 0.4800703591511895, 0.5864162008122851, 0.5656566581067939, 0.33381059564029175, 0.6141092531227816, 0.38037008993948496, 0.33656120067462325, 0.5332319446994612, 0.4044630807669212, 0.4595778641135742, 0.42578309533807135, 0.5468519421604772, 0.5438030470783511, 0.6492417353050162, 0.46951230048822856, 0.3722578737263878, 0.3547914010317375, 0.3549507743834207, 0.49996932161351043, 0.3654076093031714, 0.5575942974537611, 0.6158993649296463, 0.5217686535324901, 0.5584299381201465, 0.3904060031442592, 0.6407471487764269, 0.4393299896425257, 0.6510436977259815, 0.5464882856079687, 0.520375760893027, 0.5942969284175584, 0.3816316837910563, 0.6411615829759587, 0.48165161861106753, 0.48678022048746544, 0.5026694344511876, 0.5392610262303302, 0.6204447432731588, 0.4174867764425774, 0.49341625440865755, 0.411817141653349, 0.6487906342372298, 0.5860145636834204, 0.40395752247422934, 0.4623865985777229, 0.3937362811217705, 0.40208419311481214, 0.4265157541570564, 0.37481945015800494, 0.5893075694330037, 0.6585718179897715, 0.40014716804337996, 0.43409900832921267, 0.6164888517620662, 0.5077632071916014, 0.44082162839670974, 0.363988687361901, 0.5382799813523889, 0.47078550754425424, 0.41411453144003946, 0.6027372687434156]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#1f78b4", "name": "B", "size": 0.3}}], "options": {"save_image": false, "range": {"y": [0.0, 1.0], "x": [0.0, 1.0], "z": [0.0, 1.0]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"viz5664b8d2-ecfa-4007-9503-57a96dcafcd8",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"viz5664b8d2-ecfa-4007-9503-57a96dcafcd8",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="viz5664b8d2-ecfa-4007-9503-57a96dcafcd8"></div>
      </body>
    </html>



.. raw:: html

    
    <script>
     function searchCell(uuid){
       var n = IPython.notebook.ncells();
       for(var i=0; i<n; i++){
         var cell = IPython.notebook.get_cell(i);
         if(typeof cell../images/tutorial9_area != "undefined"){
           var outputs = cell../images/tutorial9_area.outputs.filter(function(out){
    console.log("Hi!");
             var html = out.data["text/html"];
             if(typeof html == "undefined")return false;
             if(html.includes(uuid))return true;
             return false;
           });
           if(outputs.length>0)return cell;
         }
       }
       return null;
     }
    
     var vis_id = "viz5664b8d2-ecfa-4007-9503-57a96dcafcd8";
     var my_uuid = "pngcfab1b2f-d8e5-4cb9-850c-c1f683481d9a";
     var vis_div = d3.select("#" + vis_id);
     var my_div =  d3.select("#" + my_uuid);
    
     var canvas = vis_div.select("canvas").node();
     var context = canvas.getContext("experimental-webgl", {preserveDrawingBuffer: true});
     var uri = canvas.toDataURL('image/png');
    
     my_div.append("img").attr("src", uri);
    
     window.setTimeout(function(){
     if(typeof window.IPython != "undefined"){
       try{
         var html = my_div.node().outerHTML;
         var cell = searchCell(my_uuid);
         if(cell == null)throw new Error("The cell whose id is " + my_uuid + " not found.");
         cell../images/tutorial9_area.outputs[0].data["text/html"] = html;
       }
       catch(e){
         console.warn("Maybe the front-end API of Jupyter has changed. message:" + e.message);
       }
     }
    }, 0);
     
    </script>
    <div id="pngcfab1b2f-d8e5-4cb9-850c-c1f683481d9a"></div>
        


``viz.plot_world`` function visualize the location of the molecules in
IPython Notebook cell by giving the ``World``. You can set the molecule
size with ``radius``. Now you can set the molecular localization to the
``World``, next let's simulate this. In the above example, we set the
diffusion coefficient 1 and the World side 1, so 10 seconds is enough to
stir this. After the simulation, check the result with calling
``viz.plot_world`` again.

9.5. Molecular initial location and the reaction
------------------------------------------------

This is an extreme example to check how the molecular localization
affects the reaction.

.. code:: python

    %matplotlib inline
    from ecell4 import *
    
    with species_attributes():
        A | B | C | {'D': '1'}
    
    with reaction_rules():
        A + B > C | 0.01
    
    m = get_model()
    w = meso.MesoscopicWorld(Real3(10, 1, 1), Integer3(10, 1, 1))
    w.bind_to(m)

This model consists only of a simple binding reaction. The ``World`` is
a long x axis cuboid, and molecules are located off-center.

.. code:: python

    w.add_molecules(Species('A'), 1200, Integer3(2, 0, 0))
    w.add_molecules(Species('B'), 1200, Integer3(7, 0, 0))
    viz.plot_world(w, radius=0.025)



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://d3js.org/d3.v3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
             Elegans: [
               'https://cdn.rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/15e85b0dafdb6f09181c1ee2f0c47218f6fd698d/release/elegans.min',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.6819074261002243, 0.980147073045373, 0.05532799637876451, 0.060761266853660345, 0.07372648920863867, 0.10692462045699358, 0.405964961508289, 0.20518806553445756, 0.41871265578083694, 0.16186414659023285, 0.8437445610761642, 0.3026653896085918, 0.6820421158336103, 0.7879523714073002, 0.22339052357710898, 0.48842616518959403, 0.4426068023312837, 0.14712814171798527, 0.6864220595452935, 0.41131315054371953, 0.698054927168414, 0.5928640661295503, 0.03834332781843841, 0.3841703631915152, 0.7270026705227792, 0.4618256113026291, 0.6358239743858576, 0.8585129994899035, 0.13987678894773126, 0.7067839859519154, 0.9882209477946162, 0.9933807477355003, 0.6584760437253863, 0.3723085056990385, 0.6805742213036865, 0.026099332375451922, 0.009993698913604021, 0.2768545856233686, 0.18267140397801995, 0.9987376146018505, 0.9506099736317992, 0.7213401093613356, 0.06315180705860257, 0.9006031989119947, 0.8105286753270775, 0.8564283773303032, 0.23740393808111548, 0.08245317824184895, 0.9257523086853325, 0.088259861106053, 0.2606242327019572, 0.2975826670881361, 0.10260471235960722, 0.1812241761945188, 0.3826689103152603, 0.11779627483338118, 0.5670863699633628, 0.886631983332336, 0.5685134048108011, 0.21825340786017478, 0.9791420118417591, 0.7486434616148472, 0.7563743628561497, 0.13323013088665903, 0.8399258910212666, 0.7965782936662436, 0.6347504705190659, 0.24374646041542292, 0.27236388181336224, 0.49627635860815644, 0.9624732467345893, 0.8739313434343785, 0.7252671411260962, 0.7308776802383363, 0.895999864442274, 0.7032509387936443, 0.21513017429970205, 0.9063723066356033, 0.16688718763180077, 0.3343555920291692, 0.8280925888102502, 0.18642830848693848, 0.7555151004344225, 0.06480521871708333, 0.05490635288879275, 0.7363210171461105, 0.25498795229941607, 0.15225256560370326, 0.5824532450642437, 0.2659523517359048, 0.8427003503311425, 0.34263656265102327, 0.5816363955382258, 0.8060846996959299, 0.9544451697729528, 0.9401069623418152, 0.6623127728234977, 0.8886414782609791, 0.5650448021478951, 0.016456195386126637, 0.5540199049282819, 0.8590166014619172, 0.18928589532151818, 0.20040960423648357, 0.26629021926783025, 0.5453110602684319, 0.009201484033837914, 0.5297896063420922, 0.07511854940094054, 0.6518450500443578, 0.5896646473556757, 0.4182443208992481, 0.45708480081520975, 0.16575619648210704, 0.9623796832747757, 0.22527203313075006, 0.4033336411230266, 0.7414935219567269, 0.22436326486058533, 0.492879779310897, 0.7831709913443774, 0.07514860411174595, 0.41581419412977993, 0.6867187505122274, 0.31766807450912893, 0.08445499953813851, 0.0681573401670903, 0.7226006318815053, 0.5130505226552486, 0.3870067303068936, 0.48693130002357066, 0.20328928157687187, 0.7101923965383321, 0.6794228591024876, 0.11139772832393646, 0.6665945334825665, 0.24765516235493124, 0.2695213705301285, 0.6679517372976989, 0.38319199648685753, 0.11804382223635912, 0.7803949960507452, 0.4975331698078662, 0.335141995921731, 0.7014141001272947, 0.7509078630246222, 0.3758304419461638, 0.781954615842551, 0.6073222674895078, 0.5567377116531134, 0.8431231814902276, 0.7783185995649546, 0.8638663552701473, 0.25249563809484243, 0.7436738591641188, 0.9189672986976802, 0.9482448711059988, 0.7444070510100573, 0.8516580963041633, 0.628971652360633, 0.6387208777014166, 0.673357336781919, 0.0742616350762546, 0.6289915163069963, 0.9524209564551711, 0.3798544844612479, 0.9021016983315349, 0.9698772456031293, 0.5724866115488112, 0.9043002594262362, 0.21574877272360027, 0.30629952112212777, 0.6786856474354863, 0.5572897100355476, 0.3349520522169769, 0.11983446008525789, 0.1518516440410167, 0.5604231043253094, 0.5177924681920558, 0.10648931283503771, 0.41008126037195325, 0.22314450377598405, 0.182002785615623, 0.41707211546599865, 0.28848307067528367, 0.3910065651871264, 0.6399336045142263, 0.7778085032477975, 0.9723090180195868, 0.45682374900206923, 0.3606822546571493, 0.30592608265578747, 0.6415520783048123, 0.8911142067518085, 0.24091713805682957, 0.05780245456844568, 0.3536497298628092, 0.7913432149216533, 0.6800798368640244, 0.3182826009579003, 0.896841658744961, 0.7758853533305228, 0.48640026105567813, 0.6695377875585109, 0.1210534069687128, 0.40911583765409887, 0.21719602844677866, 0.5351226509083062, 0.5719346525147557, 0.7613946162164211, 0.12158030085265636, 0.5251837421674281, 0.2939094479661435, 0.7868090025149286, 0.8281307611614466, 0.48376850807107985, 0.2530953367240727, 0.15691305184736848, 0.32842234754934907, 0.31172779062762856, 0.19554969831369817, 0.01305312430486083, 0.0165185600053519, 0.44833096233196557, 0.29861078318208456, 0.5941416346468031, 0.17607118538580835, 0.6736413047183305, 0.5437700441107154, 0.001342890551313758, 0.21497897757217288, 0.2872137348167598, 0.3169663103763014, 0.6819091369397938, 0.5227333479560912, 0.7925729549024254, 0.3785134879872203, 0.47795913368463516, 0.10105227120220661, 0.9010024750605226, 0.2558951189275831, 0.8801387422718108, 0.005023955600336194, 0.4513183757662773, 0.38442678237333894, 0.008290871046483517, 0.6903202463872731, 0.05858461931347847, 0.9132913327775896, 0.8958911828231066, 0.06672388385049999, 0.9348972020670772, 0.8083316839765757, 0.40744165517389774, 0.2486752311233431, 0.18249867320992053, 0.3983769363258034, 0.6678899561520666, 0.11642569047398865, 0.9161451691761613, 0.41598222428001463, 0.17299716686829925, 0.037405860144644976, 0.18813438387587667, 0.19377140933647752, 0.8263065353967249, 0.872450960567221, 0.9475207484792918, 0.55993338720873, 0.4763074901420623, 0.9845064193941653, 0.5162421292625368, 0.37725840392522514, 0.8046288925688714, 0.7963194239418954, 0.04497561580501497, 0.15510296658612788, 0.9226020316127688, 0.5803817766718566, 0.8109602970071137, 0.7541372398845851, 0.8132115658372641, 0.8925794472452253, 0.9689744291827083, 0.6274356250651181, 0.6441469804849476, 0.07727082236669958, 0.8044619038701057, 0.25186187913641334, 0.1456119054928422, 0.0817241610493511, 0.13991032936610281, 0.6570435611065477, 0.7522866500075907, 0.6847024818416685, 0.2400724277831614, 0.4478708861861378, 0.9011514307931066, 0.8405336341820657, 0.43792138854041696, 0.6819568725768477, 0.49822405143640935, 0.41058055125176907, 0.42021898459643126, 0.3011705633252859, 0.8558731921948493, 0.09334463789127767, 0.50070421397686, 0.21545680263079703, 0.8975238031707704, 0.6419991746079177, 0.5410336719360203, 0.36739087547175586, 0.2982813238631934, 0.5644298382103443, 0.5149946380406618, 0.7034986999351531, 0.00446591735817492, 0.06908825412392616, 0.6233337621670216, 0.36495728068985045, 0.5188841761555523, 0.5636640531010926, 0.3306168687995523, 0.40765846497379243, 0.7337639678735286, 0.18119138153269887, 0.27187025896273553, 0.6004811935126781, 0.9739889509510249, 0.32839739322662354, 0.1251985568087548, 0.5656319784466177, 0.23766745324246585, 0.19441765523515642, 0.1477549474220723, 0.31743472442030907, 0.6457425728440285, 0.08749712794087827, 0.13408822775818408, 0.49904384929686785, 0.9557685966137797, 0.7684699676465243, 0.41466576023958623, 0.20338944788090885, 0.5045665714424103, 0.6329380003735423, 0.2081761711742729, 0.406650869641453, 0.2504449412226677, 0.017105935607105494, 0.17145341774448752, 0.8193160269875079, 0.557489019818604, 0.5870384299196303, 0.017241396009922028, 0.8212955053895712, 0.25522528239525855, 0.6950426856055856, 0.3009870043024421, 0.6268914055544883, 0.9142759896349162, 0.407159790629521, 0.5173531922046095, 0.18747436720877886, 0.016256337519735098, 0.7501577995717525, 0.5969915185123682, 0.5556590291671455, 0.7326997497584671, 0.24930442310869694, 0.7818834658246487, 0.36154785146936774, 0.4110118744429201, 0.9398891683667898, 0.433426245348528, 0.601245703175664, 0.22377750952728093, 0.970435157418251, 0.9076326694339514, 0.6617501582950354, 0.7120653733145446, 0.28621342522092164, 0.37362662446685135, 0.9682080275379121, 0.36920299008488655, 0.9364542874973267, 0.7064140029251575, 0.029187095817178488, 0.17673725308850408, 0.10742931300774217, 0.975715960143134, 0.07286711758933961, 0.5572614278644323, 0.8303748928010464, 0.10287020448595285, 0.9231690431479365, 0.16013182583265007, 0.6661358019337058, 0.46715759695507586, 0.0600311744492501, 0.35950779425911605, 0.5205213474109769, 0.15516283526085317, 0.7599790943786502, 0.425859488081187, 0.531681650551036, 0.19259013840928674, 0.6550791959743947, 0.1871218946762383, 0.0750447332393378, 0.7043550596572459, 0.034597234800457954, 0.8072183248586953, 0.9870468082372099, 0.8658213899470866, 0.8296595902647823, 0.9030312818940729, 0.08564205979928374, 0.15327712637372315, 0.7438322042580694, 0.5186157920397818, 0.7743841882329434, 0.2421286792960018, 0.8717711237259209, 0.7844309697393328, 0.39087092876434326, 0.4480509655550122, 0.7252672293689102, 0.02378069586120546, 0.8934553898870945, 0.5123970077838749, 0.6421173980925232, 0.39761412679217756, 0.9498635740019381, 0.7943851987365633, 0.8596153680700809, 0.5883224874269217, 0.5064706255216151, 0.3033475752454251, 0.14369711582548916, 0.8452331637963653, 0.379216565284878, 0.6490412133280188, 0.6825335810426623, 0.8571089347824454, 0.4152821712195873, 0.6248322641476989, 0.22905794554390013, 0.32801284873858094, 0.8601655419915915, 0.24442886840552092, 0.6015317451674491, 0.8137278901413083, 0.4255629116669297, 0.44370448123663664, 0.8866663230583072, 0.022744773887097836, 0.7231596049387008, 0.19706902047619224, 0.12314185546711087, 0.9134081676602364, 0.0194358981680125, 0.6197709795087576, 0.285623278003186, 0.2791637643240392, 0.5819086977280676, 0.7725982451811433, 0.9594021108932793, 0.13562955963425338, 0.6617731412407011, 0.8588790958747268, 0.7209633646998554, 0.1804685282986611, 0.48239177372306585, 0.5001050175633281, 0.933016789611429, 0.8629846703261137, 0.056078934110701084, 0.5204577301628888, 0.9079712440725416, 0.6680087062995881, 0.9927767910994589, 0.7088020802475512, 0.016882329480722547, 0.6867771961260587, 0.8411343498155475, 0.9900274293031543, 0.9057211624458432, 0.9190282525960356, 0.6850806935690343, 0.01575186080299318, 0.7772820119280368, 0.46182146039791405, 0.9923620722256601, 0.05638197413645685, 0.5387779793236405, 0.4468940121587366, 0.5435617109760642, 0.47067486215382814, 0.49312571226619184, 0.21974720270372927, 0.7277431341353804, 0.6770674278959632, 0.3308534873649478, 0.7681416387204081, 0.4958725043106824, 0.8356314837001264, 0.07819035020656884, 0.9907053019851446, 0.17016534670256078, 0.32508553890511394, 0.24037635489366949, 0.851208426291123, 0.6324665287975222, 0.03838094184175134, 0.03662255918607116, 0.5225244474131614, 0.44078155304305255, 0.4853129193652421, 0.14891123375855386, 0.6551737124100327, 0.9828710232395679, 0.06406128499656916, 0.125128167681396, 0.6484095144551247, 0.5986264708917588, 0.1579963183030486, 0.15008308365941048, 0.0776459090411663, 0.9398576701059937, 0.9344411275815219, 0.5867450272198766, 0.4710750295780599, 0.9676400038879365, 0.9675604768563062, 0.13418946485035121, 0.8908185737673193, 0.6150627543684095, 0.4038530064281076, 0.8226587669923902, 0.05051446729339659, 0.7241218539420515, 0.7132838424295187, 0.26596080767922103, 0.8001111159101129, 0.09493612824007869, 0.29553579865023494, 0.6305084449704736, 0.017143874429166317, 0.8315603733062744, 0.6050865936558694, 0.5779747795313597, 0.6446935257408768, 0.015818044543266296, 0.9077246719971299, 0.08258082810789347, 0.13830277603119612, 0.8363163124304265, 0.45421494310721755, 0.7885335970204324, 0.7577696635853499, 0.8389571148436517, 0.21760936523787677, 0.7011152391787618, 0.9209642268251628, 0.9650758388452232, 0.19738899637013674, 0.6458981526084244, 0.578812672290951, 0.34180533909238875, 0.8729647498112172, 0.641425512265414, 0.5424009189009666, 0.24739186000078917, 0.03135751513764262, 0.2048158599063754, 0.7874722813721746, 0.6158752909395844, 0.602733975276351, 0.8499258100055158, 0.9647999128792435, 0.8352821660228074, 0.8067070664837956, 0.1897585280239582, 0.6041452195495367, 0.3380644752178341, 0.19986401847563684, 0.20834552287124097, 0.6725531618576497, 0.644130332628265, 0.11605384177528322, 0.16244494984857738, 0.5297481052111834, 0.128513507777825, 0.7636068353895098, 0.264888440258801, 0.965758289443329, 0.8145154423546046, 0.5587640958838165, 0.8512792887631804, 0.9522097739391029, 0.9542250987142324, 0.707627673400566, 0.24729631026275456, 0.11530711431987584, 0.15246561099775136, 0.021911435993388295, 0.9020789982751012, 0.24672318017110229, 0.09812956466339529, 0.2767183866817504, 0.9084145680535585, 0.1999151580967009, 0.26483219233341515, 0.11468007857911289, 0.1361262563150376, 0.45457538589835167, 0.7293955939821899, 0.1442323704250157, 0.48679697420448065, 0.08968712599016726, 0.21358002396300435, 0.1145002692937851, 0.0016078946646302938, 0.3155620088800788, 0.6765919416211545, 0.039088875986635685, 0.3875760075170547, 0.9958710949867964, 0.916851012269035, 0.6524947844445705, 0.0094285374507308, 0.6744166419375688, 0.7442343307193369, 0.778769321506843, 0.7459138799458742, 0.37027644854970276, 0.7194071784615517, 0.6016008374281228, 0.9874125747010112, 0.6175562716089189, 0.8942906658630818, 0.5694193914532661, 0.9030068491119891, 0.21758821234107018, 0.16182127920910716, 0.0756431040354073, 0.5441001406870782, 0.08880830672569573, 0.45814507734030485, 0.7295273803174496, 0.46641936246305704, 0.32048253528773785, 0.5732316877692938, 0.8362139663659036, 0.9766929787583649, 0.09036529180593789, 0.004018837818875909, 0.5582205043174326, 0.8428888458292931, 0.008861174108460546, 0.7062001617159694, 0.6884867842309177, 0.04338396177627146, 0.2009993912652135, 0.08536413824185729, 0.414852790068835, 0.2491120642516762, 0.5216078669764102, 0.0027195466682314873, 0.7745750087779015, 0.5776483258232474, 0.3845783651340753, 0.7040604657959193, 0.08783995965495706, 0.6493746927008033, 0.28344859601929784, 0.460559155093506, 0.3691849985625595, 0.6798796399962157, 0.5438269537407905, 0.8151960088871419, 0.4145354493521154, 0.21959807979874313, 0.9538979935459793, 0.3221412629354745, 0.08794686943292618, 0.2815634496510029, 0.668504528934136, 0.25776012102141976, 0.484362889546901, 0.4775438050273806, 0.0020722215995192528, 0.8654247454833239, 0.8627476491965353, 0.2706070407293737, 0.8211052664555609, 0.8351220015902072, 0.3167220891918987, 0.709541599964723, 0.17683747434057295, 0.8913385048508644, 0.8250444370787591, 0.033120470121502876, 0.4107286687940359, 0.8421771097928286, 0.6817772081121802, 0.09798700152896345, 0.1826377734541893, 0.07484362297691405, 0.8784842854365706, 0.22267028409987688, 0.5168205182999372, 0.13657372468151152, 0.2742504400666803, 0.5535221812315285, 0.7340089285280555, 0.5368961417116225, 0.34551482228562236, 0.501489331247285, 0.9479544677305967, 0.8798130829818547, 0.9704725395422429, 0.8698177339974791, 0.1974211074411869, 0.7798200254328549, 0.7290727319195867, 0.353515938622877, 0.6286120454315096, 0.9459888262208551, 0.8813931907061487, 0.6078168097883463, 0.6004547125194222, 0.7286398024298251, 0.35511251958087087, 0.826380422571674, 0.010218011448159814, 0.17126289498992264, 0.15644888300448656, 0.8414128820877522, 0.1616750881075859, 0.8984242510050535, 0.5801981843542308, 0.13361612893640995, 0.8538863817229867, 0.6436306664254516, 0.8593655093573034, 0.7514342414215207, 0.9958587635774165, 0.5927958525717258, 0.6859491905197501, 0.6570826885290444, 0.6281548738479614, 0.8433656159322709, 0.1830663827713579, 0.36731933522969484, 0.07758779381401837, 0.8977473084814847, 0.3327649077400565, 0.18944212677888572, 0.8788248980417848, 0.13037257664836943, 0.5186325856484473, 0.24542181030847132, 0.7786264275200665, 0.2255218003410846, 0.8460545255802572, 0.13273500464856625, 0.6266676459927112, 0.16351301060058177, 0.07971445005387068, 0.6495465710759163, 0.4432723068166524, 0.3878347906284034, 0.5234513403847814, 0.06083975778892636, 0.8321306973230094, 0.6677568461745977, 0.8969772944692522, 0.8795196975115687, 0.7479661137331277, 0.6193476971238852, 0.12442391621880233, 0.8875585531350225, 0.4003955211956054, 0.7018307955004275, 0.4330497751943767, 0.1997406838927418, 0.16095439554192126, 0.7180326154921204, 0.5872572441585362, 0.6506930012255907, 0.7460359402466565, 0.6345818906556815, 0.19200294511392713, 0.41509140306152403, 0.5960290101356804, 0.11824994417838752, 0.2894795024767518, 0.815481316531077, 0.5552487021777779, 0.7025270164012909, 0.0523700185585767, 0.8678761972114444, 0.47408419917337596, 0.973457241198048, 0.24208807945251465, 0.08331012213602662, 0.3994351194705814, 0.46523756557144225, 0.5499478755518794, 0.46591385593637824, 0.4993430972099304, 0.6927170206326991, 0.14787060930393636, 0.8688114387914538, 0.791555207921192, 0.45970509317703545, 0.8469058971386403, 0.6839929588604718, 0.06853673048317432, 0.368306317133829, 0.6614996865391731, 0.5771175269037485, 0.4797075125388801, 0.9867124420125037, 0.26090763323009014, 0.5031064702197909, 0.4004978567827493, 0.4640294599812478, 0.4721629919949919, 0.7575976310763508, 0.5707035013474524, 0.793454960687086, 0.5489000086672604, 0.030006290413439274, 0.05482509592548013, 0.1624224886763841, 0.7027561680879444, 0.31942339334636927, 0.6036762914154679, 0.5257376115769148, 0.46118513960391283, 0.4032075072173029, 0.5892441789619625, 0.40535070304758847, 0.2865479760803282, 0.6207385079469532, 0.3257483462803066, 0.28107763710431755, 0.23610023222863674, 0.7044599812943488, 0.5964184345211834, 0.7478740666992962, 0.950509559828788, 0.08359077014029026, 0.14405408571474254, 0.27086857380345464, 0.3961283101234585, 0.5392894325777888, 0.4941154601983726, 0.8408246038015932, 0.6929140007123351, 0.4344551449175924, 0.32156599313020706, 0.019725591875612736, 0.27328692050650716, 0.19609896233305335, 0.42062327871099114, 0.44161511631682515, 0.6987099924590439, 0.6211627519223839, 0.8325931506697088, 0.9429194638505578, 0.6342397772241384, 0.42328160791657865, 0.4904270055703819, 0.7518728873692453, 0.030662153149023652, 0.7058163702022284, 0.16316147218458354, 0.42184759373776615, 0.6984335959423333, 0.5724423837382346, 0.24215657031163573, 0.7594860803801566, 0.5729035867843777, 0.6456198540981859, 0.49267427274025977, 0.461941652931273, 0.8476004907861352, 0.7319111723918468, 0.6227554304059595, 0.4871553429402411, 0.12475107633508742, 0.5628240734804422, 0.21093555307015777, 0.9647038173861802, 0.7651080798823386, 0.42839793441817164, 0.6139652824494988, 0.3232789193280041, 0.18321613711304963, 0.814295066986233, 0.630540702259168, 0.15493398974649608, 0.7000269116833806, 0.47061501420103014, 0.9411420726682991, 0.7877653324976563, 0.24631010205484927, 0.09727312298491597, 0.11567879095673561, 0.937047551618889, 0.15679785376414657, 0.48289978550747037, 0.03858131798915565, 0.5945174116641283, 0.3202498098835349, 0.8613740564323962, 0.459545333404094, 0.6450264842715114, 0.3610646133311093, 0.6153295503463596, 0.9359354176558554, 0.792049397714436, 0.6070228372700512, 0.48268330888822675, 0.9346564789302647, 0.614609713666141, 0.889212639303878, 0.25205479306168854, 0.09369006427004933, 0.9207305894233286, 0.07240639650262892, 0.24413149384781718, 0.3501152286771685, 0.8375670718960464, 0.4706195362377912, 0.07764230202883482, 0.6609324885066599, 0.8865045027341694, 0.5521544003859162, 0.18413422722369432, 0.5378374047577381, 0.06639192090369761, 0.6950872133020312, 0.9719818029552698, 0.05519561283290386, 0.29294073884375393, 0.1228605245705694, 0.86725575174205, 0.8682949456851929, 0.5534962809178978, 0.8413298081140965, 0.3964841836132109, 0.28600479452870786, 0.28681820817291737, 0.1111379717476666, 0.6078346038702875, 0.4913135974202305, 0.39111861935816705, 0.2330012044403702, 0.596611331216991, 0.8448517464566976, 0.28337650280445814, 0.6715354498010129, 0.25439491402357817, 0.10895379050634801, 0.15774212847463787, 0.6594801263418049, 0.38169616367667913, 0.5648568647447973, 0.9119891955051571, 0.7031999318860471, 0.26041658129543066, 0.9160335962660611, 0.7344851861707866, 0.9837345357518643, 0.3416338067036122, 0.6269072166178375, 0.560692606959492, 0.8063473128713667, 0.1974698300473392, 0.7639186172746122, 0.8637211690656841, 0.9859458403661847, 0.5912111983634531, 0.4490966978482902, 0.07240641233511269, 0.14292821916751564, 0.5023512793704867, 0.5349147319793701, 0.6724807564169168, 0.15888446616008878, 0.04868647828698158, 0.5012664357200265, 0.10319669777527452, 0.8174812076613307], "x": [2.0656551488209516, 2.1109887696802616, 2.099788140039891, 2.7688182266429067, 2.292473841458559, 2.5583886865060776, 2.0867186030372977, 2.4550962965004146, 2.969629795057699, 2.1072931967210025, 2.8846893904265016, 2.6405735111329705, 2.382201170315966, 2.5803924805950373, 2.3769965055398643, 2.4163639675825834, 2.6122272475622594, 2.7744598598219454, 2.628501615487039, 2.5096154320053756, 2.6905317932832986, 2.67183263390325, 2.712990863714367, 2.2044008593074977, 2.971457473235205, 2.733863166766241, 2.3853063862770796, 2.0770207040477544, 2.9264812252949923, 2.6862383503466845, 2.905596600845456, 2.474961736239493, 2.5951114499475807, 2.832676426973194, 2.2435220731422305, 2.0002516014501452, 2.437940261559561, 2.130120781250298, 2.549072596244514, 2.9254607525654137, 2.623500768095255, 2.564979819348082, 2.472821497125551, 2.074557316955179, 2.2576573274564, 2.264806354418397, 2.7555170599371195, 2.4987331617157906, 2.0912560627330095, 2.82714648777619, 2.296207665698603, 2.860528971068561, 2.7129745439160615, 2.7140930769965053, 2.3175656930543482, 2.3770325912628323, 2.8732373798266053, 2.604526348877698, 2.8201192803680897, 2.9285879659000784, 2.023225993849337, 2.105018438771367, 2.6669740164652467, 2.217369380639866, 2.672308277338743, 2.061567376833409, 2.3789344243705273, 2.2132105061318725, 2.2144058775156736, 2.693773552076891, 2.105641456786543, 2.314020555932075, 2.0782085307873785, 2.1501461272127926, 2.2184198568575084, 2.3747026866767555, 2.4289045170880854, 2.702565492130816, 2.722805412719026, 2.676816495368257, 2.334361707791686, 2.2669362609740347, 2.0731091774068773, 2.1584361500572413, 2.0420472668483853, 2.996512199519202, 2.1312205819413066, 2.5344552537426353, 2.5701033007353544, 2.09395457431674, 2.020939498906955, 2.4033071184530854, 2.6482822406105697, 2.4965118190739304, 2.1844930541701615, 2.046602581627667, 2.863640719326213, 2.324947243090719, 2.428798010572791, 2.711286605335772, 2.3390513744670898, 2.8259805138222873, 2.8018873864784837, 2.1992247228045017, 2.4141871221363544, 2.1842979714274406, 2.7824967494234443, 2.340831460664049, 2.7982331041712314, 2.563172471476719, 2.7872720330487937, 2.7579945537727326, 2.003823492443189, 2.8109365752898157, 2.2809620914049447, 2.3587267328985035, 2.296461768448353, 2.8613540828227997, 2.486949661048129, 2.2243993354495615, 2.13415961060673, 2.8647363586351275, 2.413673533592373, 2.668728405609727, 2.3025954263284802, 2.183167065959424, 2.3711453191936016, 2.571147192735225, 2.159530922304839, 2.9037761308718473, 2.827108194353059, 2.5767724364995956, 2.6955991846043617, 2.590009667444974, 2.0648451801389456, 2.7490511666983366, 2.2406574392225593, 2.544952619355172, 2.260534721426666, 2.300101330736652, 2.1012637224048376, 2.687011431204155, 2.8523096735589206, 2.1038447306491435, 2.098276148783043, 2.859749117633328, 2.7990915668196976, 2.714885064167902, 2.827634812099859, 2.330733557930216, 2.223449577111751, 2.355517204850912, 2.0987327373586595, 2.728432232514024, 2.185437927255407, 2.2131081582047045, 2.055000341264531, 2.6374900883529335, 2.5059890530537814, 2.556484133936465, 2.302684225142002, 2.1370765941683203, 2.382638315903023, 2.512517223600298, 2.075105437776074, 2.6589423527475446, 2.1058925865218043, 2.062331954482943, 2.2031651502475142, 2.386005486594513, 2.1243016289081424, 2.0190976376179606, 2.7894644455518574, 2.910333218984306, 2.5244425574783236, 2.0838179932907224, 2.0906608793884516, 2.647331466898322, 2.330232827924192, 2.5519596117082983, 2.9410992837511003, 2.509023205144331, 2.008254610002041, 2.9890916149597615, 2.2592194862663746, 2.4613331626169384, 2.669223790289834, 2.031175992684439, 2.4715285066049546, 2.773162874393165, 2.676955893402919, 2.588388629257679, 2.945768863428384, 2.729654148919508, 2.72433982626535, 2.998701216187328, 2.8874061724636704, 2.1784426383674145, 2.6777352879289538, 2.685164790833369, 2.4305890924297273, 2.429581573465839, 2.7634589332155883, 2.7932172515429556, 2.9119053799659014, 2.3227844026405364, 2.9882781016640365, 2.164881533011794, 2.033995767123997, 2.1405773223377764, 2.8397260445635766, 2.901466898387298, 2.1680314873810858, 2.697967589367181, 2.8635979869868606, 2.150986207416281, 2.4128800441976637, 2.8306762611027807, 2.186446358449757, 2.3731543659232557, 2.1139906174503267, 2.400490867672488, 2.1528007881715894, 2.851817216956988, 2.3800118055660278, 2.447235805913806, 2.6604936521034688, 2.7035127473063767, 2.3801189181394875, 2.6473874074872583, 2.20412889868021, 2.6119777110870928, 2.688122039893642, 2.1819587734062225, 2.7631101785227656, 2.927827744744718, 2.078886427450925, 2.8150744007434696, 2.843537227716297, 2.311336873564869, 2.557013815501705, 2.78452982311137, 2.967244138941169, 2.293210480827838, 2.57202757592313, 2.244303770363331, 2.2556004559155554, 2.770806084619835, 2.8903324066195637, 2.2734150250907987, 2.0997638318222016, 2.181080964859575, 2.8413228653371334, 2.8592778528109193, 2.910602960269898, 2.4679337251000106, 2.2873607156798244, 2.0548174655996263, 2.1943052483256906, 2.49155000038445, 2.4171336838044226, 2.7486361199989915, 2.031307839322835, 2.560591433895752, 2.07710117707029, 2.7596262507140636, 2.2905401496682316, 2.95566355320625, 2.861467347946018, 2.604399910196662, 2.180904606124386, 2.2690312687773257, 2.0761458347551525, 2.644401758676395, 2.3052186041604728, 2.546448285225779, 2.893945602932945, 2.137891349149868, 2.023121369071305, 2.004589728778228, 2.8552200228441507, 2.546977805206552, 2.398868321441114, 2.542587869334966, 2.7807972345035523, 2.7341441735625267, 2.2186503561679274, 2.1049976150970906, 2.366564108990133, 2.6669833075720817, 2.235989827197045, 2.4760698180180043, 2.637645098613575, 2.7291450486518443, 2.5414863082114607, 2.4058615390677005, 2.885732186259702, 2.5222930405288935, 2.1025598873384297, 2.260446724947542, 2.963525107363239, 2.7496347029227763, 2.630763852968812, 2.196152510587126, 2.99187408387661, 2.3669164611492306, 2.5673673807177693, 2.073727041017264, 2.552991670090705, 2.622935950756073, 2.4282423658296466, 2.8750160755589604, 2.3316014548763633, 2.0954526532441378, 2.7536174503620714, 2.395073460880667, 2.604883350431919, 2.352714412845671, 2.648910529445857, 2.4172250602860004, 2.9810798815451562, 2.00244443397969, 2.2911440688185394, 2.947655723663047, 2.0225652379449457, 2.4585126366000623, 2.030666171805933, 2.7601893085520715, 2.5332344663329422, 2.9158937495667487, 2.1250663166865706, 2.22513071866706, 2.6759098884649575, 2.776924806414172, 2.352433053543791, 2.5257436810061336, 2.392290208954364, 2.804749578004703, 2.6702732623089105, 2.9314432342071086, 2.8207073528319597, 2.3709453369956464, 2.1883791356813163, 2.801737858215347, 2.291186167160049, 2.2521549579687417, 2.590821177698672, 2.734666531905532, 2.4248436021152884, 2.4906996481586248, 2.3196714248042554, 2.2979930543806404, 2.1078958038706332, 2.7914917266462, 2.648915977217257, 2.605222925543785, 2.306451213778928, 2.5072396378964186, 2.5098257220815867, 2.109080180292949, 2.4941967893391848, 2.7969563584774733, 2.19538622465916, 2.4824440833181143, 2.994810768868774, 2.7899739660788327, 2.4496583493892103, 2.773801567265764, 2.8928144841920584, 2.9288630906958133, 2.255358611466363, 2.3467956222593784, 2.1025998743716627, 2.715079589281231, 2.213670798810199, 2.853397906757891, 2.476277976995334, 2.2866333404090255, 2.78116098116152, 2.8647140136454254, 2.3895810961257666, 2.6445478592067957, 2.2975288776215166, 2.2142277692910284, 2.74022503872402, 2.9066989752463996, 2.975771972676739, 2.61420015594922, 2.9573081736452878, 2.3053085685241967, 2.5522063015960157, 2.155618966789916, 2.051992706954479, 2.89463944430463, 2.0368050639517605, 2.6855767185334116, 2.292457122122869, 2.72852346370928, 2.9917908175848424, 2.3658715318888426, 2.576284076087177, 2.9568963709753007, 2.920415277360007, 2.707617264939472, 2.1036832423415035, 2.4911156338639557, 2.7340286332182586, 2.85820780438371, 2.933134390041232, 2.0544490101747215, 2.359742082422599, 2.3746055900119245, 2.6661713265348226, 2.930956889409572, 2.8937305258587003, 2.0535800270736217, 2.8712436128407717, 2.5426760057453066, 2.201507186051458, 2.8126211047638208, 2.433239742182195, 2.6507408763282, 2.478477803291753, 2.617656409740448, 2.8954957984387875, 2.4508861193899065, 2.1083794930018485, 2.207460722187534, 2.3839219082146883, 2.200939177069813, 2.988708133576438, 2.2098498435225338, 2.600730134639889, 2.819772087968886, 2.015978906536475, 2.4452847519423813, 2.025058247614652, 2.347477795323357, 2.2570623641368, 2.645373336970806, 2.1589248259551823, 2.254526033764705, 2.6919880674686283, 2.050219022203237, 2.3047238171566278, 2.2727305341977626, 2.275613483041525, 2.0285678105428815, 2.9476942345499992, 2.295311100082472, 2.825854654191062, 2.0929309588391334, 2.3918348306324333, 2.5311873350292444, 2.6226524834055454, 2.3935903338715434, 2.905323995044455, 2.2141353585757315, 2.1501917117275298, 2.250560896936804, 2.6598385216202587, 2.8799376538954675, 2.317480308935046, 2.736113572260365, 2.666188161354512, 2.428182846866548, 2.699126686202362, 2.2246230507735163, 2.7303195386193693, 2.0525477612391114, 2.2697881965432316, 2.8591636933851987, 2.852493173442781, 2.5437409467995167, 2.5660224985331297, 2.747509428532794, 2.072038346203044, 2.0283120258245617, 2.115719029214233, 2.862825990887359, 2.7516592752654105, 2.8351418140809983, 2.025268584722653, 2.582710640039295, 2.431146906223148, 2.6050224627833813, 2.8981298918370157, 2.427406929200515, 2.2866824227385223, 2.8555974648334086, 2.8664484003093094, 2.913775945780799, 2.977131994208321, 2.472600845154375, 2.142151170410216, 2.2815423712600023, 2.717914687236771, 2.351348788011819, 2.816485680406913, 2.969365091063082, 2.5080979994963855, 2.4920056331902742, 2.5588399104308337, 2.666006591403857, 2.8658046112395823, 2.1225806674920022, 2.862750864587724, 2.7745159522164613, 2.411396927200258, 2.850186777766794, 2.7842088667675853, 2.1661516858730465, 2.6833894541487098, 2.9445510108489543, 2.061457669129595, 2.6295805901754647, 2.592372815590352, 2.919646895257756, 2.0268018604256213, 2.9741333650890738, 2.6998808190692216, 2.7947013154625893, 2.8161216187290847, 2.679451321484521, 2.595488360384479, 2.0610638081561774, 2.9114641624037176, 2.813577212858945, 2.336096196435392, 2.804960372392088, 2.9551219013519585, 2.8301212198566645, 2.107366817072034, 2.1426057615317404, 2.1330252282787114, 2.9294250695966184, 2.707655385369435, 2.2080811054911464, 2.974036674015224, 2.667934212135151, 2.315400023944676, 2.566263136686757, 2.653029561974108, 2.68961143377237, 2.58345979033038, 2.3601373001001775, 2.5393155706115067, 2.6450290246866643, 2.2874598344787955, 2.9461855108384043, 2.699133912101388, 2.7196596211288124, 2.6743152611888945, 2.916457992279902, 2.9176540195476264, 2.4377477602101862, 2.550204173428938, 2.3821605001576245, 2.6071922848932445, 2.7304241680540144, 2.363093052757904, 2.633921267464757, 2.1062046613078564, 2.886854726821184, 2.9317808866035193, 2.6208110253792256, 2.855612435610965, 2.8060144656337798, 2.076732105575502, 2.9091967889107764, 2.6069798208773136, 2.9900905238464475, 2.9354832973331213, 2.420045114122331, 2.1870447732508183, 2.185787637718022, 2.469619437819347, 2.911262652138248, 2.4559438163414598, 2.4089115587994456, 2.039373272564262, 2.858851033030078, 2.351596276042983, 2.6653179014101624, 2.074988088104874, 2.314288552617654, 2.298652806552127, 2.8908413990866393, 2.5148324843030423, 2.647744271205738, 2.436651988653466, 2.9187743680085987, 2.402429330861196, 2.5644617211073637, 2.2908171340823174, 2.850938302697614, 2.2237276474479586, 2.9517768691293895, 2.534482611110434, 2.299647700507194, 2.175466164248064, 2.534832309698686, 2.746875131735578, 2.9691183392424136, 2.215902442112565, 2.6620937052648515, 2.232394751626998, 2.554639821173623, 2.097908208379522, 2.137031639693305, 2.294290665537119, 2.392244783695787, 2.1450062182266265, 2.305392215261236, 2.49787686788477, 2.158803558209911, 2.269281989429146, 2.9634704515337944, 2.185274354647845, 2.1243968142662197, 2.010819067712873, 2.62381493113935, 2.085619871271774, 2.6591357162687927, 2.251907655503601, 2.6104769385419786, 2.058170187752694, 2.218475008616224, 2.0788950857240707, 2.6313594228122383, 2.005997201660648, 2.109859507298097, 2.969565593637526, 2.604568812297657, 2.4869040187913924, 2.3683317087125033, 2.8869128560181707, 2.8057937261182815, 2.701665297616273, 2.711860261624679, 2.1446008286438882, 2.9993363940156996, 2.1334703334141523, 2.2826666361652315, 2.5562898230273277, 2.135256447363645, 2.9769193821121007, 2.4175612861290574, 2.998300517676398, 2.8427383173257113, 2.1238946018274873, 2.23499737191014, 2.0406977590173483, 2.801056091906503, 2.4418927107471973, 2.514272073749453, 2.590049738995731, 2.885153105482459, 2.6080774574074894, 2.6038668390829116, 2.1477829194627702, 2.6956147574819624, 2.678544190712273, 2.9988976183813065, 2.0390765068586916, 2.7274015359580517, 2.517592368880287, 2.608038161182776, 2.3682985426858068, 2.660950370132923, 2.8507897609379143, 2.5696694396901876, 2.635417819954455, 2.8025444275699556, 2.8462060880847275, 2.8347893345635384, 2.751701483502984, 2.836505453567952, 2.5633499464020133, 2.9616312112193555, 2.0808754106983542, 2.3366574868559837, 2.3718214945401996, 2.490294999908656, 2.941586722387001, 2.174125428777188, 2.5406591014470905, 2.1971008910331875, 2.9885290993843228, 2.129258703440428, 2.8541981370653957, 2.1605489917565137, 2.4621941610239446, 2.7520806051325053, 2.686952656134963, 2.638633494731039, 2.318456835113466, 2.2454746903385967, 2.1253993131686, 2.9474668367765844, 2.2757671826984733, 2.0086014945991337, 2.235306647606194, 2.8414739877916873, 2.0740456434432417, 2.878168792463839, 2.6422959191258997, 2.3790636505000293, 2.12716688006185, 2.344035794492811, 2.3661336270160973, 2.063528048340231, 2.679834920912981, 2.9219306719023734, 2.413979087257758, 2.4624621272087097, 2.7739295340143144, 2.455119894584641, 2.5422026745509356, 2.299126342870295, 2.031848659971729, 2.333858673693612, 2.290455905487761, 2.292725666658953, 2.9582491191104054, 2.6570015344768763, 2.222676543518901, 2.7883129860274494, 2.88552681915462, 2.591780243674293, 2.9373697605915368, 2.5844699712470174, 2.014613304985687, 2.1850815473590046, 2.447590909199789, 2.3945610027294606, 2.2181366784498096, 2.1352263705339283, 2.1071384050883353, 2.7865899002645165, 2.536991213914007, 2.281834018882364, 2.1825453883502632, 2.083329278975725, 2.8732882940676063, 2.7661704022902995, 2.675993219250813, 2.5333906037267298, 2.725513258483261, 2.1953116443473846, 2.107224161271006, 2.794021367561072, 2.7623753661755472, 2.1421973165124655, 2.129435214912519, 2.952331858454272, 2.2250705354381353, 2.4750863725785166, 2.48519353964366, 2.667974222684279, 2.478824160527438, 2.493126781191677, 2.1479658202733845, 2.033625623676926, 2.0376656600274146, 2.4264856956433505, 2.441748332697898, 2.4274894583504647, 2.998075960436836, 2.6471628011204302, 2.3912108782678843, 2.8721394520252943, 2.1708738517481834, 2.8166347693186253, 2.825889252126217, 2.5817433591000736, 2.2699815954547375, 2.730396726168692, 2.904898815555498, 2.899119721027091, 2.8568085494916886, 2.3675615112297237, 2.4045813165139407, 2.9159320229664445, 2.9401134906802326, 2.673650191165507, 2.9156102773267776, 2.347042902605608, 2.4188913891557604, 2.36714953975752, 2.3319834982976317, 2.3492044822778553, 2.8253462647553533, 2.029139782767743, 2.3000194209162146, 2.2446765704080462, 2.207217696821317, 2.4768743976019323, 2.8763260832056403, 2.7916801513638347, 2.427566888043657, 2.6870186214800924, 2.6169443973340094, 2.2166414621751755, 2.1511009568348527, 2.903099170187488, 2.8614111796487123, 2.5100080377887934, 2.324492101557553, 2.2066823116037995, 2.1371114645153284, 2.423366703791544, 2.0038315027486533, 2.3355366073083133, 2.5342417240608484, 2.2724095787853003, 2.875054106116295, 2.1875554784201086, 2.4616094978991896, 2.8347691528033465, 2.9825111113023013, 2.962867238558829, 2.4134093660395592, 2.2083186423406005, 2.747354354476556, 2.629279781365767, 2.5518708450254053, 2.9626154908910394, 2.5171077691484243, 2.5176278734579682, 2.6070237732492387, 2.63718106248416, 2.755746440961957, 2.4644364356063306, 2.337455519940704, 2.3950912395957857, 2.8638931068126112, 2.734930051257834, 2.1582846243400127, 2.8702285739127547, 2.0481208143755794, 2.0651208956260234, 2.334185888757929, 2.3237439051736146, 2.019766124896705, 2.0226151214446872, 2.1107061370275915, 2.4684758882503957, 2.6679439432919025, 2.0882825220469385, 2.2554592753294855, 2.3057228352408856, 2.1709259094204754, 2.525677069555968, 2.479064446175471, 2.1229684608988464, 2.4794224803335965, 2.9081506025977433, 2.689345790538937, 2.316867714980617, 2.404638117412105, 2.9857250140048563, 2.2168900230899453, 2.133340026019141, 2.3896621472667903, 2.018970187753439, 2.494088225532323, 2.9617250193841755, 2.6805911604315042, 2.277568341465667, 2.3015854628756642, 2.680091096321121, 2.2028496144339442, 2.3018181894440204, 2.032437423011288, 2.3954401097726077, 2.9362855833023787, 2.6342806934844702, 2.001584744779393, 2.550268213264644, 2.032324946951121, 2.0880037704482675, 2.657481800764799, 2.7923383496236056, 2.463300416711718, 2.184987426036969, 2.6441188086755574, 2.325906050624326, 2.7235045635607094, 2.2693744108546525, 2.393602298106998, 2.265660522505641, 2.948094219667837, 2.0629206048324704, 2.6789455094840378, 2.0699729276821017, 2.8830329996999353, 2.5624520911369473, 2.9765821928158402, 2.3250124522019178, 2.19877172796987, 2.0238795187324286, 2.045902020763606, 2.009530881419778, 2.1768302030395716, 2.522629241924733, 2.6051590780261904, 2.762664678739384, 2.529524155659601, 2.49768978334032, 2.0692512881942093, 2.2877137719187886, 2.628920423099771, 2.787004411453381, 2.1673796002287418, 2.1488537474069744, 2.130580762401223, 2.290824754629284, 2.9190853112377226, 2.6048459061421454, 2.2890116965863854, 2.406559831695631, 2.495652840239927, 2.4025096686091274, 2.002847949974239, 2.0154167402070016, 2.1532134166918695, 2.8075149341020733, 2.555420952150598, 2.184814794221893, 2.4328468404710293, 2.819764028536156, 2.4213762739673257, 2.0922626389656216, 2.721608641790226, 2.068128109909594, 2.2123909040819854, 2.071401186985895, 2.932483649579808, 2.0249749852810055, 2.8709623322356492, 2.4941332277376205, 2.6191774769686162, 2.1978448142763227, 2.507597812451422, 2.296125761931762, 2.858086688676849, 2.124111326178536, 2.3959764312021434, 2.8301149592734873, 2.3614829047583044, 2.695859609171748, 2.2112212805077434, 2.2714544830378145, 2.3271573132369667, 2.352574568009004, 2.7853728358168155, 2.891033798456192, 2.0075584407895803, 2.5732553268317133, 2.9873263619374484, 2.907897215569392, 2.1878724307753146, 2.3223815909586847, 2.6138876951299608, 2.084634837694466, 2.137509696185589, 2.1806233960669488, 2.3414627404417843, 2.014748595422134, 2.631875564577058, 2.3616078610066324, 2.4942252757027745, 2.2071846621111035, 2.7357601490803063, 2.2362039589788765, 2.258331566816196, 2.3533547439146787, 2.148278943495825, 2.8027252529282123, 2.363186012255028, 2.992642638273537, 2.8038217169232666, 2.2327103279531, 2.9370788706000894, 2.9974983567371964, 2.126413613790646, 2.62743917433545, 2.9484218878205866, 2.0790132619440556, 2.771393623203039, 2.270260495133698, 2.203771504573524, 2.9269155682995915, 2.6329077198170125, 2.7604709868319333, 2.9071951857768, 2.478500636527315, 2.9089520282577723, 2.5855102641507983], "z": [0.07384953950531781, 0.7049103749450296, 0.6296522147022188, 0.45289006480015814, 0.02399883884936571, 0.7695362723898143, 0.5314633036032319, 0.3856297181919217, 0.04263450810685754, 0.3546176450327039, 0.14252485078759491, 0.9597368487156928, 0.6968195093795657, 0.36013286653906107, 0.5111831359099597, 0.462899167323485, 0.35089000780135393, 0.3859824335668236, 0.5639921997208148, 0.46931941364891827, 0.5674193257000297, 0.44473202829249203, 0.6138620334677398, 0.05201612785458565, 0.8715466107241809, 0.847509132232517, 0.7170046865940094, 0.2682783086784184, 0.8295445626135916, 0.802357881097123, 0.10827278601936996, 0.21030901209451258, 0.018652233760803938, 0.41261030035093427, 0.878886031685397, 0.3100855052471161, 0.5803975462913513, 0.8104092439170927, 0.9379029737319797, 0.7851869300939143, 0.8186149345710874, 0.30194667959585786, 0.7313602261710912, 0.06337511749006808, 0.56058677774854, 0.8677804968319833, 0.04829931980930269, 0.7640239873435348, 0.008588214637711644, 0.0027422280982136726, 0.5726999305188656, 0.2803169346880168, 0.21854636236093938, 0.4284632755443454, 0.12126036896370351, 0.5707186502404511, 0.2246473664417863, 0.14315730170346797, 0.914007167564705, 0.1254810879472643, 0.34181953337974846, 0.8908710028044879, 0.518874712754041, 0.9344899642746896, 0.9095039770472795, 0.23179021663963795, 0.1976146404631436, 0.41970971575938165, 0.6687812032178044, 0.06671113334596157, 0.32331613218411803, 0.6600723399315029, 0.822494393447414, 0.5337356147356331, 0.7624004236422479, 0.758112114155665, 0.5736452573910356, 0.18514752993360162, 0.1719161127693951, 0.5766837613191456, 0.8780201557092369, 0.6570798680186272, 0.5865115495398641, 0.8972622756846249, 0.3776250584051013, 0.947150114690885, 0.4273661586921662, 0.16937354463152587, 0.5481520758476108, 0.9377478847745806, 0.9209420522674918, 0.14426645124331117, 0.03718123980797827, 0.39622086752206087, 0.39674521842971444, 0.05935803661122918, 0.9833909790031612, 0.9843610252719373, 0.05942030204460025, 0.6423789844848216, 0.5050467520486563, 0.04697555070742965, 0.121670828666538, 0.021490004379302263, 0.5141079546883702, 0.7221875726245344, 0.6703426318708807, 0.21123729413375258, 0.32701441971585155, 0.32339670276269317, 0.34294396615587175, 0.07346552377566695, 0.8578092681709677, 0.606916637159884, 0.5613657690118998, 0.7591362160164863, 0.10615943651646376, 0.8756710586603731, 0.7769575617276132, 0.5614836125168949, 0.34856684342958033, 0.005562737118452787, 0.7432167148217559, 0.5873806390445679, 0.2156122517772019, 0.29408833500929177, 0.6630866630002856, 0.21346216555684805, 0.7265695217065513, 0.09076238167472184, 0.8821042808704078, 0.937918464653194, 0.19652298255823553, 0.6825978562701494, 0.923699467908591, 0.7874262107070535, 0.18777217715978622, 0.4126167616341263, 0.8994326831307262, 0.15816518012434244, 0.5363673092797399, 0.9300397669430822, 0.2719264221377671, 0.5346074956469238, 0.7622571077663451, 0.4784062884282321, 0.9318620769772679, 0.3008159550372511, 0.025866687996312976, 0.6400019698776305, 0.46520397858694196, 0.6904300088062882, 0.32120981090702116, 0.6780853173695505, 0.8778678076341748, 0.4685298416297883, 0.5620507313869894, 0.3770911854226142, 0.5809657648205757, 0.27516692224889994, 0.37105619232170284, 0.23263777000829577, 0.46778183011338115, 0.6801873268559575, 0.03358969395048916, 0.0037829468492418528, 0.3488152176141739, 0.6378072984516621, 0.3699722648598254, 0.13305303524248302, 0.17981738573871553, 0.7588959403801709, 0.7166981319896877, 0.6070285136811435, 0.7848094508517534, 0.3890382177196443, 0.5684411595575511, 0.7544356987345964, 0.5098554331343621, 0.6101430216804147, 0.6761885089799762, 0.3922328678891063, 0.007508593611419201, 0.09161923476494849, 0.34177842480130494, 0.41857490013353527, 0.9218000338878483, 0.023924525128677487, 0.07469016429968178, 0.37493920186534524, 0.4741142347920686, 0.6963094309903681, 0.14793643890880048, 0.9456421935465187, 0.3968054542783648, 0.6487091290764511, 0.04575197282247245, 0.41371541609987617, 0.07797630876302719, 0.2809461220167577, 0.13753437506966293, 0.5815978471655399, 0.23441566177643836, 0.18689569481648505, 0.11404753918759525, 0.5872849400620908, 0.9750533238984644, 0.2192643196322024, 0.5008156367111951, 0.6432726175989956, 0.4929953161627054, 0.0077898039016872644, 0.35355676617473364, 0.7135400483384728, 0.5265649643260986, 0.725528942188248, 0.4784310890827328, 0.23411513026803732, 0.7760272447485477, 0.9023987345863134, 0.3916617145296186, 0.9148116672877222, 0.43100304272957146, 0.4250747496262193, 0.8922305703163147, 0.6659582515712827, 0.8313218648545444, 0.9508559748064727, 0.3143981529865414, 0.06268139439634979, 0.3004717247094959, 0.4629171753767878, 0.17026746412739158, 0.7596538187935948, 0.7041516350582242, 0.6601636558771133, 0.7035506695974618, 0.10914721735753119, 0.8469863790087402, 0.6403658278286457, 0.6264623329043388, 0.14960981206968427, 0.05429119081236422, 0.9234114359132946, 0.9600351774133742, 0.6313668095972389, 0.9013138562440872, 0.7773150822613388, 0.7154751480557024, 0.8886913035530597, 0.4663937403820455, 0.25459276838228106, 0.306802881648764, 0.6007987877819687, 0.8464701955672354, 0.40464921575039625, 0.6172754992730916, 0.46613044245168567, 0.4657702080439776, 0.5203105269465595, 0.5275017663370818, 0.200131603050977, 0.8230140993837267, 0.7287222961895168, 0.8915534918196499, 0.7927497138734907, 0.46863379911519587, 0.4206779105588794, 0.24362508906051517, 0.5719614429399371, 0.7567402138374746, 0.647341271629557, 0.9978324337862432, 0.9764925225172192, 0.6836034480948001, 0.9540370313916355, 0.7615066678263247, 0.42035814048722386, 0.607383341062814, 0.8630270964931697, 0.07832385203801095, 0.8692622720263898, 0.3086650881450623, 0.23706556973047554, 0.8210496879182756, 0.34238512720912695, 0.6988520917948335, 0.43876931606791914, 0.3478044867515564, 0.26691350573673844, 0.2501909949351102, 0.3609818983823061, 0.2622486432082951, 0.10880226036533713, 0.11341432575136423, 0.09590667160227895, 0.006771347485482693, 0.7935414623934776, 0.3974829535000026, 0.12797646434046328, 0.38556279498152435, 0.2779284364078194, 0.021588603034615517, 0.26718398882076144, 0.45479105808772147, 0.2658914315979928, 0.8302214329596609, 0.4850273421034217, 0.18570592650212348, 0.007580678444355726, 0.10349633684381843, 0.6211500798817724, 0.10063802474178374, 0.6777106625959277, 0.9585092288907617, 0.6161915785633028, 0.500622634543106, 0.17012867331504822, 0.9825021743308753, 0.4021392671857029, 0.1666727338451892, 0.10290710581466556, 0.5682144660968333, 0.8101688046008348, 0.32918457966297865, 0.17958624986931682, 0.4707845870871097, 0.6545720999129117, 0.8647973272018135, 0.3749424477573484, 0.2154991109855473, 0.8021687157452106, 0.15072523010894656, 0.7476404393091798, 0.5951853515580297, 0.9772800754290074, 0.33303149160929024, 0.2351833253633231, 0.4810017002746463, 0.44170849211513996, 0.022995497565716505, 0.8893562364391983, 0.10344289359636605, 0.49918111856095493, 0.190775339724496, 0.8123274915851653, 0.11268374137580395, 0.4235786907374859, 0.2763687625993043, 0.8530613242182881, 0.07506927871145308, 0.556478381389752, 0.7685325085185468, 0.2755408105440438, 0.17943860217928886, 0.8771571889519691, 0.12495988537557423, 0.991159608354792, 0.2863206339534372, 0.36730297608301044, 0.5097028708551079, 0.22534407977946103, 0.213189976522699, 0.8305726328399032, 0.1789353562053293, 0.3985593426041305, 0.7894348555710167, 0.2318368733394891, 0.29506909172050655, 0.790443210862577, 0.26887452346272767, 0.8272281819954515, 0.5418092717882246, 0.5895054107531905, 0.882668690988794, 0.8770256876014173, 0.9853592715226114, 0.6290217151399702, 0.6052426148671657, 0.6238936146255583, 0.6842580351512879, 0.44093420496210456, 0.816537425853312, 0.7466314509510994, 0.9323297147639096, 0.2862374810501933, 0.034253295278176665, 0.9507027890067548, 0.6809221014846116, 0.8871562867425382, 0.7432650988921523, 0.8757273741066456, 0.950843917671591, 0.5048437439836562, 0.08510325523093343, 0.7808831571601331, 0.7445781026035547, 0.9851991876494139, 0.5350929866544902, 0.18206257792189717, 0.016938796499744058, 0.9837549435906112, 0.761199087370187, 0.3799048629589379, 0.6363199001643807, 0.737897268962115, 0.04801053856499493, 0.6145500794518739, 0.833042012527585, 0.04382930742576718, 0.5260424467269331, 0.46362620359286666, 0.0689363710116595, 0.8180205260869116, 0.9481879274826497, 0.13079891493543983, 0.21800362435169518, 0.8553136885166168, 0.8783872465137392, 0.6946342387236655, 0.9384896694682539, 0.23366474802605808, 0.40377746848389506, 0.32318160217255354, 0.10431327298283577, 0.4099736106581986, 0.7170041636563838, 0.6631306959316134, 0.9093046293128282, 0.6679391721263528, 0.7628657568711787, 0.9723203030880541, 0.055432062363252044, 0.38493447890505195, 0.8226355619262904, 0.6163227716460824, 0.3873303651344031, 0.5753966318443418, 0.24966273084282875, 0.3683445069473237, 0.11398161482065916, 0.20073842001147568, 0.007535310694947839, 0.10845072055235505, 0.7688961408566684, 0.25369048421271145, 0.7076314447913319, 0.14780459995381534, 0.7212734282948077, 0.5071087956894189, 0.02342480467632413, 0.2703839137684554, 0.4148141036275774, 0.914817395620048, 0.4160224150400609, 0.8528723686467856, 0.7451143655925989, 0.45301798381842673, 0.008776314789429307, 0.13427686202339828, 0.3078901427797973, 0.24426655052229762, 0.3475353179965168, 0.995174529729411, 0.5529432103503495, 0.029703790321946144, 0.8568362491205335, 0.5448874337598681, 0.4807262155227363, 0.12516262475401163, 0.6045353768859059, 0.3119053721893579, 0.5967309384141117, 0.8716868949122727, 0.6788063202984631, 0.5204050950706005, 0.1959408011753112, 0.49496688111685216, 0.08058136142790318, 0.6789442619774491, 0.8595716797281057, 0.743817029055208, 0.4153430573642254, 0.9579837641213089, 0.17896470124833286, 0.3059299965389073, 0.6730305752716959, 0.4496248816139996, 0.2890307614579797, 0.9263570155017078, 0.3402251915540546, 0.22190526849590242, 0.6300256340764463, 0.6485964006278664, 0.9362002369016409, 0.5571150816977024, 0.8904716297984123, 0.4561040455009788, 0.5090546072460711, 0.5810747661162168, 0.05011915904469788, 0.04545578989200294, 0.7900789678096771, 0.6026430134661496, 0.6338616812136024, 0.3746142440941185, 0.3213586271740496, 0.22469920106232166, 0.6868492944631726, 0.6467183236964047, 0.8578675340395421, 0.04061250085942447, 0.24673197441734374, 0.3465690005104989, 0.8235066286288202, 0.08172088791616261, 0.48460861505009234, 0.6350626749917865, 0.7795332090463489, 0.7236461751163006, 0.3304835297167301, 0.8672929140739143, 0.8005149608943611, 0.28243166487663984, 0.31845446419902146, 0.8459274203050882, 0.3328460075426847, 0.42158817569725215, 0.9761489913798869, 0.2559868923854083, 0.28063073637895286, 0.7513992476742715, 0.27544688945636153, 0.3979327050037682, 0.8273580779787153, 0.6784813948906958, 0.10686438321135938, 0.45800968166440725, 0.46600653510540724, 0.18351940833963454, 0.39367245347239077, 0.2627797522582114, 0.6783624750096351, 0.9828561586327851, 0.4107517472002655, 0.7001332438085228, 0.10098722274415195, 0.9624117377679795, 0.013563307467848063, 0.0547959734685719, 0.02224371419288218, 0.8602066908497363, 0.5578594482503831, 0.11710661393590271, 0.3210147919598967, 0.2672286038286984, 0.9073540586978197, 0.0411467095836997, 0.30061361915431917, 0.21249424200505018, 0.1535264567937702, 0.5693597418721765, 0.45705036888830364, 0.8748261223081499, 0.5738478573039174, 0.8879754699300975, 0.9138209326192737, 0.3342387971933931, 0.6656081059481949, 0.28280159132555127, 0.8526645556557924, 0.3477677416522056, 0.7306011742912233, 0.711998135317117, 0.8151727202348411, 0.9274903116747737, 0.5764261938165873, 0.662345361430198, 0.9551742803305387, 0.8834885840769857, 0.19600447989068925, 0.5007996307685971, 0.9333374088164419, 0.028213834622874856, 0.4246047774795443, 0.909201834583655, 0.385954458033666, 0.8538630830589682, 0.9301849019248039, 0.3421978186815977, 0.03268692339770496, 0.2547043978702277, 0.1332860456313938, 0.6111437850631773, 0.1229879348538816, 0.605492458678782, 0.0626748448703438, 0.5584255813155323, 0.8286590271163732, 0.1379976598545909, 0.11977158323861659, 0.6289370988961309, 0.5532817335333675, 0.21484197373501956, 0.9724678231868893, 0.12242057221010327, 0.39450531639158726, 0.2657956986222416, 0.13323617773130536, 0.8200333779677749, 0.33012092066928744, 0.4907014719210565, 0.8050193630624563, 0.9219483851920813, 0.05948716774582863, 0.25371062895283103, 0.729473537998274, 0.978292629821226, 0.4926168352831155, 0.5724845151416957, 0.9981182087212801, 0.8459211126901209, 0.2049754865001887, 0.4509755370672792, 0.5758783081546426, 0.3936098755802959, 0.5595905154477805, 0.9443654147908092, 0.34397295909002423, 0.03397683962248266, 0.8104665314313024, 0.800578388851136, 0.040221044793725014, 0.02251154277473688, 0.16516461363062263, 0.6033431435935199, 0.10599915776401758, 0.33605583291500807, 0.7754477746784687, 0.5282851604279131, 0.7854969459585845, 0.8416830883361399, 0.2868589845020324, 0.1131835263222456, 0.5393115670885891, 0.5251299573574215, 0.6529981214553118, 0.868196862982586, 0.38143370230682194, 0.3469782166648656, 0.02906878385692835, 0.9009139847476035, 0.5284978626295924, 0.9077477604150772, 0.8546835535671562, 0.23668500548228621, 0.2360020384658128, 0.5308569397311658, 0.2620258405804634, 0.815047184471041, 0.6380800262559205, 0.6687172569800168, 0.7509037221316248, 0.5731386104598641, 0.7579490337520838, 0.6039567980915308, 0.6386527582071722, 0.8004306063521653, 0.8563406239263713, 0.9033713799435645, 0.45981909218244255, 0.9313619891181588, 0.42413194105029106, 0.1363390050828457, 0.6889633093960583, 0.7919319451320916, 0.48003772692754865, 0.036027530673891306, 0.13016884308308363, 0.9894396709278226, 0.9670725658070296, 0.6805116808973253, 0.71455232007429, 0.17453727195970714, 0.16314616170711815, 0.636336627881974, 0.9747851851861924, 0.7499434514902532, 0.7201197992544621, 0.5972361236345023, 0.3784498816821724, 0.4407714391127229, 0.507050195010379, 0.8504201241303235, 0.13493416993878782, 0.12122014770284295, 0.5291626008693129, 0.21440924634225667, 0.6001575698610395, 0.382182331988588, 0.10617475118488073, 0.1362831061705947, 0.3873920002952218, 0.9586958710569888, 0.1495688131544739, 0.48652374534867704, 0.368084707763046, 0.7449902354273945, 0.37516337796114385, 0.5456786681897938, 0.09634951455518603, 0.4513499310705811, 0.8052204756531864, 0.31848174007609487, 0.1476612186525017, 0.7823965193238109, 0.3132977650966495, 0.43582829693332314, 0.9854601526167244, 0.22434634948149323, 0.7873787863645703, 0.5251811572816223, 0.8455243271309882, 0.8609043827746063, 0.9479996291920543, 0.4333700423594564, 0.9917405263986439, 0.5409661529120058, 0.1382282644044608, 0.7532487662974745, 0.18606225005351007, 0.029867125675082207, 0.3561722526792437, 0.2597343160305172, 0.47366121248342097, 0.11158225289545953, 0.24533853912726045, 0.8029939592815936, 0.1564440568909049, 0.8332533361390233, 0.23146302276290953, 0.11794038978405297, 0.22210619156248868, 0.8365285552572459, 0.6158102317713201, 0.8499511971604079, 0.864310851553455, 0.606105760904029, 0.9308852762915194, 0.7937408927828074, 0.45867779897525907, 0.3819048630539328, 0.17543849884532392, 0.5509203094989061, 0.3497363447677344, 0.3230642890557647, 0.8035673114936799, 0.6922492496669292, 0.07447394216433167, 0.46249815728515387, 0.5449639449361712, 0.7544023608788848, 0.8800863430369645, 0.251890460960567, 0.24539343966171145, 0.5026733281556517, 0.6321987689007074, 0.07128298189491034, 0.9654789720661938, 0.7713793956208974, 0.5617083034012467, 0.9231509261298925, 0.6835133954882622, 0.5568609689362347, 0.3313505556434393, 0.5956371200736612, 0.5619677456561476, 0.2925217654556036, 0.3632912146858871, 0.7470668200403452, 0.22408286458812654, 0.4269334611017257, 0.7232487685978413, 0.3713842052966356, 0.9974768706597388, 0.7044414919801056, 0.1727853890042752, 0.7394122451078147, 0.013979988871142268, 0.7273178810719401, 0.12874034070409834, 0.9447219108697027, 0.6673834756948054, 0.6497292977292091, 0.2920408940408379, 0.11900043953210115, 0.11480252351611853, 0.513183421920985, 0.7967613930813968, 0.37886119168251753, 0.9652171328198165, 0.8177766096778214, 0.7295144957024604, 0.4413681742735207, 0.01647019130177796, 0.5270814506802708, 0.2230836763046682, 0.19306391826830804, 0.776751801604405, 0.32892517233267426, 0.029072175035253167, 0.7866606267634779, 0.44667002838104963, 0.6789090954698622, 0.9625215551350266, 0.6299775545485318, 0.10173008590936661, 0.5876428922638297, 0.8750409171916544, 0.17919307458214462, 0.7878263040911406, 0.3541004804428667, 0.6747434795834124, 0.10924225393682718, 0.6054816849064082, 0.7212409409694374, 0.9033713627140969, 0.9774509787093848, 0.7477872760500759, 0.17553433100692928, 0.6545379664748907, 0.4215862618293613, 0.3033438129350543, 0.18151986226439476, 0.7774813668802381, 0.09631131286732852, 0.8317630828823894, 0.18000136176124215, 0.4559043834451586, 0.8422928673680872, 0.3420451548881829, 0.03072297014296055, 0.9772629938088357, 0.5606847067829221, 0.6413707786705345, 0.6269592286553234, 0.3419161082711071, 0.6556410200428218, 0.84300547093153, 0.3448534661438316, 0.9761497178114951, 0.7034195016603917, 0.9134835053700954, 0.2376443373505026, 0.2871002242900431, 0.6884243316017091, 0.9548847158439457, 0.5708138120826334, 0.35466957185417414, 0.7344471272081137, 0.04268164932727814, 0.734725546091795, 0.555003936169669, 0.5939221647568047, 0.5976367802359164, 0.7322925033513457, 0.3529219951014966, 0.17539933510124683, 0.0638712989166379, 0.4202241636812687, 0.3430342967621982, 0.8980260225944221, 0.4864267429802567, 0.9312208357732743, 0.7688551736064255, 0.7453924792353064, 0.059047861257568, 0.18702424108050764, 0.6960412934422493, 0.3119562768843025, 0.9101193328388035, 0.6601896591018885, 0.5243904835078865, 0.4209280477371067, 0.5970834558829665, 0.6995024986099452, 0.7454266333952546, 0.6826199721544981, 0.23038537451066077, 0.9506074604578316, 0.9909552165772766, 0.08913767174817622, 0.13921904959715903, 0.9291927700396627, 0.13525151438079774, 0.07396516297012568, 0.08114115428179502, 0.5122294037137181, 0.8513681862968951, 0.6829035670962185, 0.10264405468478799, 0.7041800774168223, 0.9605551559943706, 0.06748934369534254, 0.7719291299581528, 0.7256963332183659, 0.49102704506367445, 0.7731602902058512, 0.1213746729772538, 0.5622330610640347, 0.6738427456002682, 0.8672835279721767, 0.6443661523517221, 0.6130555211566389, 0.42423849855549634, 0.3243179931305349, 0.8761497107334435, 0.4981558178551495, 0.07036703289486468, 0.6212395236361772, 0.8688844291027635, 0.5046498738229275, 0.8392723519355059, 0.39240732649341226, 0.9091366664506495, 0.5503216404467821, 0.20342860673554242, 0.6573614650405943, 0.6773557029664516, 0.5244313599541783, 0.6309786515776068, 0.483589323470369, 0.2167392938863486, 0.9036605823785067, 0.7936260553542525, 0.8859256654977798, 0.6491325758397579, 0.11228541401214898, 0.26328743947669864, 0.5119241354987025, 0.4938393868505955, 0.5106215111445636, 0.13782895682379603, 0.5101987086236477, 0.5364655242301524, 0.29971394478343427, 0.3788116362411529, 0.7943504808936268, 0.04583020624704659, 0.12923647440038621, 0.9344865710008889, 0.43459769943729043, 0.017010193318128586, 0.10189085849560797, 0.677017831010744, 0.41942676017060876, 0.356354788178578, 0.5175711596384645, 0.5669133621267974, 0.0704217643942684, 0.5650604753755033, 0.7334547101054341, 0.689278322737664, 0.9513923104386777, 0.969121161615476, 0.5848319567739964, 0.8266138937324286, 0.1500103110447526, 0.8141662378329784, 0.41958774835802615, 0.43831138452515006, 0.8985732363071293, 0.07617245777510107, 0.867809192975983, 0.2693433661479503, 0.31273656128905714, 0.5984221936669201, 0.012191136833280325, 0.18892600247636437, 0.5997653820086271, 0.3148781892377883, 0.6390880332328379, 0.7983682074118406, 0.13198838848620653, 0.7298713624477386, 0.9406193748582155, 0.9543145035859197, 0.08970157662406564, 0.9286077397409827, 0.3603923530317843, 0.14989708410575986, 0.6325532782357186, 0.7741063134744763, 0.31229877611622214, 0.014298738213256001, 0.6576638761907816, 0.6774921698961407, 0.9909612899646163, 0.4144041452091187, 0.4701940296217799]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#a6cee3", "name": "A", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}, {"data": {"y": [0.4213120292406529, 0.8813773095607758, 0.8313146838918328, 0.6590650940779597, 0.39841935387812555, 0.8976287820842117, 0.30518744653090835, 0.793860781006515, 0.7101176327560097, 0.7649497103411704, 0.5369120193645358, 0.5130126043222845, 0.743628645548597, 0.8151330833788961, 0.031069920398294926, 0.6544280634261668, 0.26381743350066245, 0.8292752997949719, 0.33953007962554693, 0.5214189821854234, 0.7959590167738497, 0.02256492688320577, 0.226707236841321, 0.4639647360891104, 0.7818659876938909, 0.4848375564906746, 0.9194563501514494, 0.07244342239573598, 0.8024308241438121, 0.9663764545693994, 0.39756379718892276, 0.5261534033343196, 0.4193710151594132, 0.6262351896148175, 0.32094860984943807, 0.4152265128213912, 0.20577087136916816, 0.13003490259870887, 0.6715126228518784, 0.5847963222768158, 0.429770240560174, 0.6532150919083506, 0.2920668199658394, 0.9769689470995218, 0.12964406423270702, 0.1442440829705447, 0.026356950402259827, 0.5719695629086345, 0.4799620574340224, 0.06912573426961899, 0.33622689568437636, 0.0345474979840219, 0.15109800919890404, 0.193143664393574, 0.5077386563643813, 0.567466365871951, 0.2686479084659368, 0.8991230295505375, 0.37691055005416274, 0.07177590625360608, 0.17842061072587967, 0.057045588502660394, 0.5703643907327205, 0.8937228575814515, 0.23181820823810995, 0.42336096661165357, 0.8017576495185494, 0.15952011523768306, 0.909685252700001, 0.9003025039564818, 0.8174860195722431, 0.48871542792767286, 0.8177485063206404, 0.5581554025411606, 0.22637629113160074, 0.179119523614645, 0.5546349189244211, 0.4190514434594661, 0.7384411764796823, 0.013728742487728596, 0.4181668118108064, 0.6732017151080072, 0.9868609076365829, 0.7498386213555932, 0.23823774582706392, 0.17858864297159016, 0.4550348168704659, 0.3966126430314034, 0.04063614550977945, 0.552417607512325, 0.19967174460180104, 0.1774765239097178, 0.11404948146082461, 0.8014702198561281, 0.9247503539081663, 0.5891597191803157, 0.7371754932682961, 0.8881856929510832, 0.3184321338776499, 0.374157533980906, 0.661222355440259, 0.8138242403510958, 0.3373545780777931, 0.8403419603127986, 0.8813794350717217, 0.23472110787406564, 0.9299020452890545, 0.36763401911593974, 0.591957384487614, 0.9777582169044763, 0.6189092136919498, 0.47301367321051657, 0.6597828685771674, 0.6204067051876336, 0.9205585496965796, 0.31326834950596094, 0.6570829933043569, 0.7537360715214163, 0.23609743011184037, 0.9748395911883563, 0.874981289729476, 0.5832740855403244, 0.40084715955890715, 0.8880361064802855, 0.29528990644030273, 0.6393725713714957, 0.9143103279639035, 0.9317874961998314, 0.5943489177152514, 0.8574035838246346, 0.2182489694096148, 0.07109234691597521, 0.3470140937715769, 0.7073707045055926, 0.1333262270782143, 0.13114883028902113, 0.6212764009833336, 0.7971866205334663, 0.028921404154971242, 0.7819230079185218, 0.9813949468079954, 0.5212664816062897, 0.43963498808443546, 0.9008218394592404, 0.47886401624418795, 0.8323051857296377, 0.710596407065168, 0.09386724443174899, 0.6668653346132487, 0.2825544357765466, 0.8817116050049663, 0.8019099815282971, 0.49895932991057634, 0.1621606764383614, 0.016550104366615415, 0.236311616608873, 0.40135778300464153, 0.9073130241595209, 0.5605090432800353, 0.23666672804392874, 0.3395677616354078, 0.31555900117382407, 0.2676829071715474, 0.6605730976443738, 0.528337758500129, 0.9071934402454644, 0.4601563923060894, 0.29011068888939917, 0.23801190918311477, 0.9283321010880172, 0.5640603404026479, 0.8654302360955626, 0.3602999937720597, 0.09995110030286014, 0.8729973442386836, 0.29588221851736307, 0.4088680811692029, 0.6087302519008517, 0.5926147871650755, 0.5442995466291904, 0.6329277264885604, 0.42312431265600026, 0.5322344114538282, 0.9638252344448119, 0.3261457444168627, 0.5311127412132919, 0.7647720226086676, 0.7836101255379617, 0.8030657561030239, 0.07646947423927486, 0.1188603809569031, 0.34143567527644336, 0.9002380406018347, 0.347124696476385, 0.3843748129438609, 0.8890953664667904, 0.9163425136357546, 0.3097933023236692, 0.26165867503732443, 0.48360003577545285, 0.7489149656612426, 0.37615065299905837, 0.9544438228476793, 0.2426313627511263, 0.45918504893779755, 0.9499212035443634, 0.6051504672504961, 0.2985445170197636, 0.15295339305885136, 0.17086365399882197, 0.028192700818181038, 0.4851499521173537, 0.05766010284423828, 0.08687646989710629, 0.6262863751035184, 0.8042312297038734, 0.6038239123299718, 0.2925175258424133, 0.31939890421926975, 0.7512365945149213, 0.16110389702953398, 0.6512246003840119, 0.7745310589671135, 0.3667897938285023, 0.9664371635299176, 0.9188122064806521, 0.4187751957215369, 0.0002096514217555523, 0.04955363390035927, 0.8412553975358605, 0.8792340906802565, 0.06356278783641756, 0.06990386079996824, 0.6295430490281433, 0.7000007529277354, 0.642958267359063, 0.8868896043859422, 0.25942749972455204, 0.0753964267205447, 0.7013305856380612, 0.45755453524179757, 0.2399634870234877, 0.2807333585806191, 0.3653771006502211, 0.3482176761608571, 0.7129244937095791, 0.5573593580629677, 0.6848666202276945, 0.20464843115769327, 0.02784830634482205, 0.09839417762123048, 0.7494336324743927, 0.7005796860903502, 0.07969069783575833, 0.9060697245877236, 0.9609885441605002, 0.2285291540902108, 0.8432490068953484, 0.6810924548190087, 0.6999799774494022, 0.897988804616034, 0.9641306207049638, 0.48485928075388074, 0.758037070510909, 0.4411433436907828, 0.7196329445578158, 0.2967300752643496, 0.25198202207684517, 0.11908300290815532, 0.8520158038008958, 0.19478521449491382, 0.3882997282780707, 0.6052417710889131, 0.7088736640289426, 0.27582310047000647, 0.9012318651657552, 0.04125729319639504, 0.14960617246106267, 0.7046080434229225, 0.1607568641193211, 0.6735535748302937, 0.34294451866298914, 0.5470417733304203, 0.46818678569979966, 0.3442530403845012, 0.1647728313691914, 0.9926117036957294, 0.24669596506282687, 0.6533674590755254, 0.6953646375332028, 0.8805844443850219, 0.8597099641337991, 0.2616815990768373, 0.010119484970346093, 0.6068804690148681, 0.7252977339085191, 0.4449916973244399, 0.8724088885355741, 0.6599398297257721, 0.3831905929837376, 0.16258055809885263, 0.7622994966804981, 0.6135081048123538, 0.8063697931356728, 0.799906408181414, 0.5800451417453587, 0.8843716399278492, 0.2736370370257646, 0.12581170280463994, 0.8187610958702862, 0.8671591370366514, 0.5547472895123065, 0.3822724176570773, 0.8009099795017391, 0.4019234888255596, 0.7878594333305955, 0.12985217152163386, 0.3926108458545059, 0.8390153842046857, 0.8982554648537189, 0.5811967572662979, 0.470937002915889, 0.462590076494962, 0.713021740084514, 0.9535106003750116, 0.9620903613977134, 0.8750146543607116, 0.21913268975913525, 0.16726620914414525, 0.4490939739625901, 0.04127278900705278, 0.6747189369052649, 0.9688878634478897, 0.07126841531135142, 0.07445133733563125, 0.9597489209845662, 0.5927401047665626, 0.9277099408209324, 0.17284311214461923, 0.15689924778416753, 0.29151537688449025, 0.5021720046643168, 0.06525749457068741, 0.9533000439405441, 0.07201768434606493, 0.005351371364668012, 0.1814420958980918, 0.29032026999630034, 0.5048378380015492, 0.9966345441062003, 0.6361478711478412, 0.5271672266535461, 0.8230595313943923, 0.5614171593915671, 0.7608753226231784, 0.4673295246902853, 0.9888042355887592, 0.8818308021873236, 0.5862470911815763, 0.605011225445196, 0.22044908185489476, 0.9467403099406511, 0.8965700003318489, 0.4533029883168638, 0.47099315864033997, 0.337092180037871, 0.09464649297297001, 0.8946937776636332, 0.23202208569273353, 0.45113903610035777, 0.3535031066276133, 0.4428656529635191, 0.11940521677024662, 0.6733900490216911, 0.8689375680405647, 0.019754795357584953, 0.5786541763227433, 0.9449066144879907, 0.9704444040544331, 0.08689044928178191, 0.15284711890853941, 0.2992476860526949, 0.686505425022915, 0.03830598178319633, 0.6257844555657357, 0.5876377581153065, 0.7360616170335561, 0.9017047446686774, 0.09472164162434638, 0.6657249983400106, 0.5512595204636455, 0.7558921137824655, 0.5383942320477217, 0.49541331944055855, 0.889362859306857, 0.022880228934809566, 0.2139412488322705, 0.9808299595024437, 0.2080588706303388, 0.3573311474174261, 0.8273612966295332, 0.6860168594866991, 0.37487346353009343, 0.8441549479030073, 0.9729511388577521, 0.032632156275212765, 0.9597083951812238, 0.9507440407760441, 0.17913234746083617, 0.7819979419000447, 0.8786788522265851, 0.2591599994339049, 0.9389193679671735, 0.3763729087077081, 0.27646546391770244, 0.3137547227088362, 0.4202213236130774, 0.21289012697525322, 0.020389523822814226, 0.3859914334025234, 0.6009485919494182, 0.8430402260273695, 0.9208911268506199, 0.45721139083616436, 0.7352283226791769, 0.3814169701654464, 0.3345139662269503, 0.5695795537903905, 0.348306450759992, 0.9964986143168062, 0.6763838059268892, 0.8440720525104553, 0.6739413412287831, 0.8739491098094732, 0.3694651876576245, 0.41223159269429743, 0.6150256721302867, 0.53636753722094, 0.9331710275728256, 0.7015782280359417, 0.07572835334576666, 0.049440182745456696, 0.008795235306024551, 0.38262624689377844, 0.33907451666891575, 0.6176923492457718, 0.028428005753085017, 0.3940445410553366, 0.1246849715244025, 0.6922156696673483, 0.8966005735564977, 0.4108178000897169, 0.8806108629796654, 0.07939995802007616, 0.3622971542645246, 0.2425337336026132, 0.7172744784038514, 0.9895567107014358, 0.5935121849179268, 0.9119613468647003, 0.16093760053627193, 0.892957306234166, 0.9528235630132258, 0.5559716040734202, 0.3497906445991248, 0.3501981943845749, 0.721041270531714, 0.21367580303922296, 0.39374447078444064, 0.1404133541509509, 0.5187775180675089, 0.27763549191877246, 0.2143653379753232, 0.8325026368256658, 0.28535424871370196, 0.30659550754353404, 0.5909332260489464, 0.7078340505249798, 0.2044785083271563, 0.8204340131487697, 0.48221078934147954, 0.7021750754211098, 0.8806125405244529, 0.9694186225533485, 0.1788536082021892, 0.9554594231303781, 0.4819915529806167, 0.18265354027971625, 0.46474011801183224, 0.20211661467328668, 0.9902983526699245, 0.47146823443472385, 0.7941548782400787, 0.07556000608019531, 0.26830146298743784, 0.5373203891795129, 0.2633407947141677, 0.6342986787203699, 0.23557661706581712, 0.22304004966281354, 0.6042198953218758, 0.801999754505232, 0.19524205243214965, 0.07083518337458372, 0.2082469710148871, 0.5260766861028969, 0.8564197535160929, 0.7078128417488188, 0.23872850113548338, 0.8837497245986015, 0.04900179710239172, 0.8114013632293791, 0.9461035381536931, 0.14166488405317068, 0.08883587457239628, 0.838594019645825, 0.41857273830100894, 0.053180483635514975, 0.6108752135187387, 0.7485867477953434, 0.7059949797112495, 0.21021567843854427, 0.7311982729006559, 0.44398656534031034, 0.551418267423287, 0.7481432079803199, 0.9067655676044524, 0.37698988849297166, 0.721906878054142, 0.6262042387388647, 0.7783141110558063, 0.5992133140098304, 0.4275183589197695, 0.21021877066232264, 0.830910308752209, 0.2855355888605118, 0.6714551215991378, 0.021615501027554274, 0.07678569108247757, 0.8867404353804886, 0.290425373474136, 0.05796730984002352, 0.022091939579695463, 0.0959319076500833, 0.7160912191029638, 0.6486352630890906, 0.16849755984731019, 0.6248393768910319, 0.6180623553227633, 0.2822794907260686, 0.3692283851560205, 0.06285832496359944, 0.8734571745153517, 0.4739932995289564, 0.5101723943371326, 0.354868208989501, 0.3183900963049382, 0.765136870322749, 0.8838064027950168, 0.8823298243805766, 0.4286361485719681, 0.19699660874903202, 0.34671741002239287, 0.6894046913366765, 0.8148902230896056, 0.2840896181296557, 0.30176379531621933, 0.10300566512160003, 0.9804950444959104, 0.06822700332850218, 0.25660350639373064, 0.8033833126537502, 0.8978965890128165, 0.44671210274100304, 0.49517852952703834, 0.9817076516337693, 0.07483189716003835, 0.3032268194947392, 0.5447896500118077, 0.055560492910444736, 0.42247082642279565, 0.9657392813824117, 0.2735888606403023, 0.14833006379194558, 0.04911162122152746, 0.905230735661462, 0.5304212702903897, 0.333130992250517, 0.008743433747440577, 0.39381065871566534, 0.47569992393255234, 0.1342912616673857, 0.24456779682077467, 0.8188109160400927, 0.0664683012291789, 0.9846355363260955, 0.14786016149446368, 0.5984826420899481, 0.11489752447232604, 0.2219400315079838, 0.8561437076423317, 0.09432455757632852, 0.10132493078708649, 0.3710040010046214, 0.9922509619500488, 0.44864780898205936, 0.06780242105014622, 0.7805186260957271, 0.10919726430438459, 0.6170893574599177, 0.025822500232607126, 0.17881582933478057, 0.3962733596563339, 0.4530904283747077, 0.029476165305823088, 0.25610948423855007, 0.668923914199695, 0.27350532938726246, 0.8287947517819703, 0.10751315020024776, 0.31650774041190743, 0.5260573299601674, 0.8569052708335221, 0.6943390050437301, 0.6288620172999799, 0.37206813134253025, 0.1353103353176266, 0.7595233030151576, 0.41763357259333134, 0.6628949837759137, 0.6448197432328016, 0.6023441813886166, 0.5030060354620218, 0.3598695211112499, 0.9576594028621912, 0.26329306699335575, 0.4310423193965107, 0.22717810329049826, 0.8318750360049307, 0.8944156009238213, 0.09709886321797967, 0.25993816019035876, 0.10877613164484501, 0.65487085073255, 0.6287548830732703, 0.5867537187878042, 0.9740352383814752, 0.7200437199790031, 0.5369410279672593, 0.2946656995918602, 0.8386287854518741, 0.7612689996603876, 0.23947379644960165, 0.9810844995081425, 0.6125960040371865, 0.5372188463807106, 0.986563280923292, 0.10521081718616188, 0.39056670130230486, 0.30226022098213434, 0.34384322399273515, 0.5164000000804663, 0.32207700330764055, 0.26353732217103243, 0.05687566567212343, 0.7075394012499601, 0.2524110837839544, 0.08710464555770159, 0.8891248751897365, 0.2417710453737527, 0.6091533561702818, 0.750716489739716, 0.9174381014890969, 0.3178326874040067, 0.7955448878929019, 0.8099785060621798, 0.8029923178255558, 0.13081235997378826, 0.13914723345078528, 0.4247949218843132, 0.3638453967869282, 0.43468919792212546, 0.5196714110206813, 0.5866921793203801, 0.061502487398684025, 0.8886094482149929, 0.9537268860731274, 0.4894302405882627, 0.35066860634833574, 0.8040999229997396, 0.44552613119594753, 0.8166880807839334, 0.8865182823501527, 0.42397575615905225, 0.6486951615661383, 0.6084162499755621, 0.37238997989334166, 0.9881348742637783, 0.21851967880502343, 0.7751742349937558, 0.5055515677668154, 0.9830304649658501, 0.45221694302745163, 0.2849517504218966, 0.9857036618050188, 0.2659809060860425, 0.9556571745779365, 0.339807954384014, 0.7047591337468475, 0.08026650384999812, 0.3916107907425612, 0.6749129197560251, 0.8109294269233942, 0.5026810239069164, 0.7242723929230124, 0.4582431302405894, 0.05870390241034329, 0.976880248868838, 0.19497161358594894, 0.5002095706295222, 0.9621062255464494, 0.4723378762137145, 0.780680921394378, 0.7025593570433557, 0.8332275690045208, 0.258155922871083, 0.5842987156938761, 0.5398039433639497, 0.992437306093052, 0.49445926933549345, 0.7748610568232834, 0.5250075042713434, 0.4898499883711338, 0.8889964767731726, 0.5003363869618624, 0.7044489625841379, 0.7391337084118277, 0.3103904624003917, 0.6760992279741913, 0.04119525197893381, 0.3217594805173576, 0.9938150227535516, 0.8764205938205123, 0.42540976614691317, 0.6524459074717015, 0.16899446118623018, 0.29825789923779666, 0.8272029494401067, 0.4856063984334469, 0.6583629210945219, 0.5514621720649302, 0.19712381903082132, 0.945934375282377, 0.32735857111401856, 0.4166363060940057, 0.5722244861535728, 0.6649944810196757, 0.6495375132653862, 0.21215218934230506, 0.7209011949598789, 0.18591358745470643, 0.6312769849319011, 0.2799849365837872, 0.24066252843476832, 0.22454991727136075, 0.05891831684857607, 0.0020804896485060453, 0.8590413082856685, 0.6940753569360822, 0.21033478830941021, 0.8756082451436669, 0.5467487112618983, 0.22112143645063043, 0.027320972178131342, 0.07184562529437244, 0.5107537012081593, 0.11145197739824653, 0.22889725398272276, 0.25658077374100685, 0.8906384063884616, 0.5190346979070455, 0.4982948936522007, 0.16183471446856856, 0.14211141061969101, 0.6667348360642791, 0.5960355177521706, 0.7312869008164853, 0.14205730566754937, 0.752815583255142, 0.037528119748458266, 0.2957454524002969, 0.14220231398940086, 0.11233576433733106, 0.3171192156150937, 0.6967294982168823, 0.5939567629247904, 0.05933444667607546, 0.6325257872231305, 0.8439855314791203, 0.9769831816665828, 0.27513269055634737, 0.8427971147466451, 0.6879624770954251, 0.961770290043205, 0.7405478106811643, 0.7921319634187967, 0.06910962681286037, 0.5281959446147084, 0.48399750236421824, 0.6868404622655362, 0.329474555561319, 0.8900549823883921, 0.7585384577978402, 0.3953121716622263, 0.9664272700902075, 0.816823139321059, 0.15179696027189493, 0.6105477579403669, 0.8033724026754498, 0.4459370810072869, 0.8512059862259775, 0.5129825440235436, 0.3083385278005153, 0.5923087520059198, 0.32137573417276144, 0.32623680401593447, 0.019287162460386753, 0.6724250155966729, 0.3756212666630745, 0.2260105600580573, 0.22615698259323835, 0.632077778223902, 0.37537348875775933, 0.6158157854806632, 0.3750546022783965, 0.5664536242838949, 0.4300862255040556, 0.2550269113853574, 0.6714814885053784, 0.9891316674184054, 0.4961375289130956, 0.7892604416701943, 0.37361467559821904, 0.7810174257028848, 0.9115178498905152, 0.6472346486989409, 0.6448001870885491, 0.6111197823192924, 0.007744068978354335, 0.11932732467539608, 0.6616015715990216, 0.3235890830401331, 0.9604739141650498, 0.9631795180030167, 0.30616166489198804, 0.532401415752247, 0.013357944320887327, 0.15510724019259214, 0.31450856872834265, 0.7858893733937293, 0.37142026890069246, 0.10082317213527858, 0.2598760067485273, 0.3968106082174927, 0.8753687967546284, 0.41657570423558354, 0.008244862547144294, 0.15986926993355155, 0.5605698744766414, 0.9393834269139916, 0.06707793520763516, 0.6456259093247354, 0.8801783078815788, 0.12334329728037119, 0.9656950605567545, 0.2594392173923552, 0.6843834700994194, 0.4348398617003113, 0.32356090866960585, 0.12517032795585692, 0.18231802713125944, 0.4556933380663395, 0.6751758991740644, 0.8222701472695917, 0.6869179951027036, 0.6126995801459998, 0.9950711412820965, 0.060660454677417874, 0.5828388186637312, 0.9964135729242116, 0.6843533008359373, 0.10836234665475786, 0.3000659600365907, 0.7793130141217262, 0.0723072262480855, 0.8162183524109423, 0.2545554880052805, 0.45683464338071644, 0.3550672067794949, 0.9298018154222518, 0.7534708208404481, 0.41205564769916236, 0.34658844280056655, 0.7236347745638341, 0.6323353452607989, 0.36166099552065134, 0.04773758677765727, 0.7366069748532027, 0.8906485757324845, 0.24422142375260592, 0.8230956620536745, 0.20895670307800174, 0.8023763909004629, 0.9003340711351484, 0.24891833728179336, 0.20132216019555926, 0.3652326560113579, 0.26207050075754523, 0.931825950043276, 0.8603874030523002, 0.6960328239947557, 0.6777606115210801, 0.6669036482926458, 0.5434475385118276, 0.20571033423766494, 0.14872291288338602, 0.9792851265519857, 0.5107937480788678, 0.8223091419786215, 0.4394365034531802, 0.5020121522247791, 0.9522933671250939, 0.03352858661673963, 0.4387326107826084, 0.6429039444774389, 0.9985239310190082, 0.21056082309223711, 0.8041275087743998, 0.9008778254501522, 0.8266360338311642, 0.2542618368752301, 0.6015395149588585, 0.42677276534959674, 0.32508256076835096, 0.6187181826680899, 0.9728652962949127, 0.11617212556302547, 0.29515328211709857, 0.21331499703228474, 0.5094678518362343, 0.062236555153504014, 0.6261632640380412, 0.30707826069556177, 0.15723952581174672, 0.6665457643102854, 0.866723696468398, 0.6168789372313768, 0.02718882029876113, 0.12935678474605083, 0.338678429601714, 0.573047500802204, 0.9861388860736042, 0.12105940352194011, 0.3674509353004396, 0.9718531013932079, 0.017161561641842127, 0.376594944158569, 0.03202497540041804, 0.08048387430608273, 0.7812192186247557, 0.38239561347290874, 0.4256290609482676, 0.13834232394583523, 0.5183870890177786, 0.27756550279445946, 0.06401234865188599, 0.8493328243494034, 0.3926539334934205, 0.5598786589689553, 0.2882675239816308, 0.5269026686437428, 0.09749310906045139, 0.6528117740526795, 0.23167993500828743, 0.2555442792363465, 0.5592328635975718, 0.48114299634471536, 0.11238334747031331, 0.8718216673005372, 0.6489073107950389, 0.23351278668269515, 0.2538926799315959, 0.5064052774105221, 0.2079599651042372, 0.9698647714685649, 0.9507765702437609, 0.4122061238158494, 0.43329221475869417, 0.3480071572121233, 0.9028978787828237], "x": [7.21072250418365, 7.390695985639468, 7.522784920874983, 7.008849813370034, 7.848117220681161, 7.005041161784902, 7.171419908059761, 7.7222887999378145, 7.9337092384230345, 7.512618174310774, 7.327271969988942, 7.270258660893887, 7.14889628207311, 7.231736228102818, 7.7909880138468, 7.286280100233853, 7.023534785723314, 7.516513744369149, 7.026205628644675, 7.63437144481577, 7.603549512568861, 7.316587859764695, 7.996288671856746, 7.432269630488008, 7.8756262715905905, 7.595869173761457, 7.400738139869645, 7.54800472361967, 7.592373298946768, 7.1043043015524745, 7.1800391806755215, 7.561036100145429, 7.220406952314079, 7.50980938365683, 7.082990638213232, 7.026607605395839, 7.479438435751945, 7.024810317438096, 7.019940295489505, 7.48531645257026, 7.171157077420503, 7.321611962746829, 7.052753121592104, 7.751722060376778, 7.731451115570962, 7.442870784550905, 7.994496581144631, 7.133049672702327, 7.318657060852274, 7.145725395064801, 7.755044763209298, 7.708515545818955, 7.800017891684547, 7.381114911986515, 7.166801238665357, 7.357955638552085, 7.722047931049019, 7.5168287162669, 7.5444187433458865, 7.7301075488794595, 7.356094342190772, 7.539672644343227, 7.6133841231931, 7.536178963724524, 7.958300998667255, 7.8902153628878295, 7.557980734389275, 7.676266996655613, 7.854109023232013, 7.330475665396079, 7.86588269751519, 7.844449340365827, 7.412959704408422, 7.624292498687282, 7.523819385329261, 7.793564160820097, 7.763050467707217, 7.207091937540099, 7.382509394083172, 7.257503915578127, 7.916762160602957, 7.809040698455647, 7.656315077561885, 7.125443449476734, 7.6163154249079525, 7.056056916480884, 7.304403677815571, 7.696631015976891, 7.044139591977, 7.4817250145133585, 7.02241574972868, 7.303546527400613, 7.232772546121851, 7.23505195369944, 7.395093779312447, 7.488474527606741, 7.93158360151574, 7.77097410405986, 7.62280335649848, 7.481357638724148, 7.951840361347422, 7.279744472820312, 7.740019412944093, 7.277547009522095, 7.871106212725863, 7.918439526343718, 7.562709624413401, 7.290943105937913, 7.064912370173261, 7.884192187571898, 7.907587825553492, 7.103888693964109, 7.117969087092206, 7.937802251195535, 7.221507486188784, 7.601959268562496, 7.0494899896439165, 7.971424218500033, 7.378022127319127, 7.7831820151768625, 7.192043262999505, 7.492435107938945, 7.406022859737277, 7.378027904545888, 7.123269408941269, 7.7466060584411025, 7.350120963528752, 7.793662131298333, 7.23401677981019, 7.979806951479986, 7.109995504375547, 7.408258450916037, 7.743451999034733, 7.099365864414722, 7.3068437138572335, 7.532164139440283, 7.244098233291879, 7.346435418119654, 7.924638379598036, 7.558279979042709, 7.8256494959350675, 7.3985155581030995, 7.154699721606448, 7.887715901946649, 7.342212931485847, 7.612235156586394, 7.688993521267548, 7.619663771940395, 7.211311417166144, 7.241958944126964, 7.435384105425328, 7.7729954635724425, 7.146695152390748, 7.299596704076976, 7.5659002140164375, 7.162474127486348, 7.055578175466508, 7.702237007440999, 7.710306987864897, 7.943084107944742, 7.841787530574948, 7.015493733808398, 7.142989621497691, 7.5781785366125405, 7.884458637330681, 7.964377723401412, 7.084984171204269, 7.207200033357367, 7.293668650323525, 7.381108236499131, 7.119248862145469, 7.951826609671116, 7.4524089698679745, 7.401731162331998, 7.490393121959642, 7.821767580928281, 7.432283497881144, 7.746475613676012, 7.130026669241488, 7.784835080150515, 7.414406853262335, 7.820773705141619, 7.829873934388161, 7.607033177046105, 7.516582992160693, 7.8819562864955515, 7.120791211724281, 7.009196487488225, 7.258228892460465, 7.644733180291951, 7.232847585808486, 7.583294770214707, 7.774972634855658, 7.421827484155074, 7.9327021185308695, 7.06031612935476, 7.805065925233066, 7.07702280418016, 7.068786776391789, 7.8276779351290315, 7.706811225740239, 7.434141895966604, 7.957227690843865, 7.220791919156909, 7.798871991690248, 7.065751533256844, 7.851914731785655, 7.954928650986403, 7.550058137159795, 7.9565888131037354, 7.8360822345130146, 7.006956786848605, 7.046026248252019, 7.9442807210143656, 7.240680032642558, 7.765440706396475, 7.48569550504908, 7.034237247193232, 7.857648492790759, 7.493509831605479, 7.866207888815552, 7.622981420252472, 7.172201841138303, 7.567336565349251, 7.013143707066774, 7.643955400912091, 7.307853627717122, 7.772484677145258, 7.470770334592089, 7.481216235784814, 7.009134961292148, 7.199276366503909, 7.125637066084892, 7.326076733181253, 7.530447661411017, 7.0623488400597125, 7.752622404834256, 7.809441933175549, 7.8678425550460815, 7.691355498274788, 7.393733585253358, 7.382605737540871, 7.4105314498301595, 7.94945902377367, 7.905117225134745, 7.057517482666299, 7.459765043575317, 7.995023213326931, 7.861420585075393, 7.828289099037647, 7.52396793756634, 7.352546856971458, 7.860594347352162, 7.635236572707072, 7.170513707445934, 7.1135635250248015, 7.211525850230828, 7.842631041770801, 7.318111737025902, 7.7610397941898555, 7.5790525015909225, 7.938796215690672, 7.530517937382683, 7.934148285072297, 7.299571564653888, 7.776425764197484, 7.1930106286890805, 7.588704415829852, 7.061352655291557, 7.301369142252952, 7.266448026290163, 7.857334782835096, 7.958459925139323, 7.771034045610577, 7.320497528882697, 7.103999686660245, 7.612390653928742, 7.256943255895749, 7.960359344026074, 7.583026078762487, 7.0813592709600925, 7.715065737487748, 7.889371119905263, 7.456986575387418, 7.247487248620018, 7.853397330734879, 7.236471002688631, 7.511187817202881, 7.103644375223666, 7.400292983278632, 7.879154727561399, 7.027564123040065, 7.413862904533744, 7.916221783263609, 7.416028663748875, 7.081043756799772, 7.062845026142895, 7.959077100735158, 7.771643641404808, 7.750380657380447, 7.562685877084732, 7.458305910229683, 7.106844436842948, 7.802847275044769, 7.137074038153514, 7.314140691189095, 7.054050309350714, 7.078175971983001, 7.433588780229911, 7.958052268018946, 7.207283679163083, 7.260212964843959, 7.651190740056336, 7.485853393562138, 7.550598092144355, 7.645166244357824, 7.5871859800536186, 7.881729683373123, 7.46637305081822, 7.727402403950691, 7.503423271002248, 7.639756007120013, 7.068117689574137, 7.34302386129275, 7.00771732442081, 7.378310847794637, 7.679531353991479, 7.668117522029206, 7.3500817976891994, 7.306600221665576, 7.08580858563073, 7.275285180890933, 7.792153344023973, 7.149716837331653, 7.949931539595127, 7.155589238740504, 7.38959984225221, 7.154800452990457, 7.293407572200522, 7.711772307055071, 7.631707852240652, 7.89730475936085, 7.440682884072885, 7.268321058247238, 7.590761723229662, 7.241670888150111, 7.521566145354882, 7.0708576121833175, 7.52967955195345, 7.042766018770635, 7.212060533929616, 7.214002005988732, 7.828168625710532, 7.683902333024889, 7.078105051070452, 7.12514161481522, 7.937863910803571, 7.428579312749207, 7.306403911439702, 7.22215441823937, 7.530141872353852, 7.221624891040847, 7.537847952917218, 7.801171692321077, 7.383414886891842, 7.337208314565942, 7.470361726358533, 7.742035293951631, 7.4763703586068, 7.244353091809899, 7.323250665329397, 7.4134513065218925, 7.431950939353555, 7.572729727718979, 7.502978708129376, 7.633566298522055, 7.189778672764078, 7.816483934177086, 7.845095084514469, 7.405069481115788, 7.067385341739282, 7.673052746569738, 7.501342914998531, 7.965074411593378, 7.154764186358079, 7.713926385622472, 7.46350686182268, 7.491374708944932, 7.058669873978943, 7.934881304623559, 7.282690851250663, 7.244528180919588, 7.412838519318029, 7.834887819830328, 7.331020385259762, 7.741266050143167, 7.93259680015035, 7.07011446217075, 7.683983793947846, 7.030940492870286, 7.611631489126012, 7.987062526401132, 7.394391803769395, 7.224423685809597, 7.208569346461445, 7.5449902238324285, 7.312688922742382, 7.005920371040702, 7.0039250697009265, 7.4199144535232335, 7.636826696572825, 7.762098374310881, 7.162720000371337, 7.980802125530317, 7.106960935518146, 7.348650083644316, 7.551595768658444, 7.420136829139665, 7.816110871266574, 7.5426850721705705, 7.452620281372219, 7.4069383384194225, 7.0332636423408985, 7.4785170196555555, 7.354795105056837, 7.932120287558064, 7.093630058458075, 7.173187692882493, 7.486054760869592, 7.05160784884356, 7.9252738615032285, 7.8366492271889, 7.029249743558466, 7.236970814876258, 7.803370502078906, 7.651118068257347, 7.949934486299753, 7.604625089094043, 7.960066200233996, 7.615066742058843, 7.335136895766482, 7.741737280739471, 7.474959798855707, 7.7464704150334, 7.778759771725163, 7.167055952595547, 7.584210032830015, 7.025762251811102, 7.7016620873473585, 7.442015951965004, 7.021178271621466, 7.274434945546091, 7.800893021514639, 7.9043281534686685, 7.831595426658168, 7.830642611254007, 7.181341853691265, 7.791727983392775, 7.543756874743849, 7.800667768809944, 7.266939111519605, 7.506542203016579, 7.822807475226, 7.55552874901332, 7.438118842430413, 7.9677301028277725, 7.831853524083272, 7.885533683234826, 7.597256220178679, 7.9520774548873305, 7.486548725748435, 7.0436954465694726, 7.436038226587698, 7.014864538097754, 7.735138319199905, 7.696092825615779, 7.662482992513105, 7.235002032015473, 7.4684131916146725, 7.757657839450985, 7.644529381766915, 7.024472631514072, 7.249485514126718, 7.927202217979357, 7.369009640533477, 7.38001264561899, 7.793869267450646, 7.283974191639572, 7.486995782004669, 7.550124273169786, 7.619330610381439, 7.350612718611956, 7.681830644141883, 7.66124326409772, 7.0098268976435065, 7.7502129804342985, 7.032303268322721, 7.387970760231838, 7.958030259469524, 7.09578955732286, 7.512868635589257, 7.881471139844507, 7.999747195513919, 7.632411229424179, 7.202580910408869, 7.753410921897739, 7.7225951256696135, 7.481921151280403, 7.4850476905703545, 7.994711559265852, 7.925703810062259, 7.063766343751922, 7.413979945005849, 7.420483923749998, 7.7085683406330645, 7.461902862880379, 7.144748469116166, 7.449747612932697, 7.930727714439854, 7.6819845964200795, 7.018740027910098, 7.723725554998964, 7.099224432837218, 7.493159506469965, 7.705382362939417, 7.556476119440049, 7.987341371830553, 7.434144618688151, 7.1671606246382, 7.427030009916052, 7.004666778957471, 7.197874290402979, 7.303287066053599, 7.030884826090187, 7.515397259965539, 7.117250028764829, 7.154499191790819, 7.848974101711065, 7.175506643252447, 7.330669536022469, 7.475617071380839, 7.857487789122388, 7.5807054890319705, 7.439772525802255, 7.788739885902032, 7.675147416768596, 7.751781814964488, 7.772040212061256, 7.984943754272535, 7.320555181009695, 7.395191022427753, 7.986132692545652, 7.998894550371915, 7.172233046032488, 7.582347926916555, 7.778382281539962, 7.982230705441907, 7.742943911347538, 7.066364247119054, 7.402643281733617, 7.930818030843511, 7.709538532420993, 7.178707031067461, 7.33855770342052, 7.770864420803264, 7.502407827181742, 7.125493560219184, 7.554047268349677, 7.781199565855786, 7.762632546480745, 7.917800683295354, 7.561949881725013, 7.865505873924121, 7.131048026494682, 7.767440870637074, 7.059844045434147, 7.808521253289655, 7.330173494527116, 7.612046398455277, 7.695397175615653, 7.940644022077322, 7.139069668250158, 7.0913508359808475, 7.566768519114703, 7.169925110414624, 7.66679756087251, 7.118637233972549, 7.900920333340764, 7.946605159435421, 7.8954908300656825, 7.872456587152556, 7.559630576288328, 7.864566505653784, 7.119837087811902, 7.948705621063709, 7.514647498959675, 7.486710609169677, 7.97689702664502, 7.0574253525119275, 7.251632381929085, 7.490794723154977, 7.378565063467249, 7.295960243791342, 7.053803007584065, 7.893487360794097, 7.057746575213969, 7.544694347307086, 7.761882693273947, 7.409752847859636, 7.497010170482099, 7.063063268782571, 7.335624754661694, 7.845892125507817, 7.3552776703145355, 7.092044702032581, 7.856888925889507, 7.1329868086613715, 7.679581157397479, 7.756003579357639, 7.940311323385686, 7.014541523531079, 7.018211000366136, 7.462626656051725, 7.520155360922217, 7.438902803929523, 7.024608753388748, 7.434654504992068, 7.714281602296978, 7.950397415552288, 7.594927228288725, 7.158775127492845, 7.795386692741886, 7.237167733255774, 7.517236879561096, 7.169794721528888, 7.124958340777084, 7.528764855116606, 7.843021268257871, 7.784764701966196, 7.227846182649955, 7.141805921681225, 7.268892906373367, 7.4285426053684205, 7.880497980397195, 7.52930677914992, 7.31411279598251, 7.944049898767844, 7.821504400111735, 7.927125297021121, 7.656380720436573, 7.276833438547328, 7.028278895188123, 7.988378544570878, 7.9433477090206, 7.081676560454071, 7.931960817659274, 7.150919514708221, 7.308312735287473, 7.481990908039734, 7.786882947431877, 7.492756580002606, 7.876440862193704, 7.712054033065215, 7.626816721167415, 7.8024652833119035, 7.389364833012223, 7.845630824798718, 7.34548184950836, 7.63534947950393, 7.819272830383852, 7.1316165192984045, 7.637161599704996, 7.851979576982558, 7.448988247895613, 7.206414793385193, 7.537136205937713, 7.220079105813056, 7.679173136129975, 7.450957344612107, 7.3911534587386996, 7.80755318608135, 7.957872735336423, 7.64212260954082, 7.955927868140861, 7.741953355260193, 7.660285014193505, 7.297366769751534, 7.359104801667854, 7.413922924781218, 7.387552170548588, 7.131401987979189, 7.672001477563754, 7.070310054114088, 7.336227840743959, 7.739323296118528, 7.944422269472852, 7.313214744441211, 7.511017076438293, 7.830741271842271, 7.757484842790291, 7.880864694714546, 7.54457877529785, 7.2183426537085325, 7.52360055106692, 7.988732927013189, 7.87089574849233, 7.555027344031259, 7.662090827478096, 7.690776485716924, 7.215556650888175, 7.545625927392393, 7.586706146365032, 7.718050317140296, 7.2050993093289435, 7.074622152606025, 7.215054560219869, 7.312902583973482, 7.356963639613241, 7.265195704298094, 7.832486920757219, 7.3194043941330165, 7.95666156290099, 7.30896295956336, 7.6308335170615464, 7.315437519690022, 7.402189457556233, 7.028724330011755, 7.662116261199117, 7.108516646316275, 7.774463198613375, 7.285532004665583, 7.775918041355908, 7.601442378479987, 7.42920421785675, 7.835412970278412, 7.457042910391465, 7.258682222338393, 7.587202249793336, 7.202057842630893, 7.0854945639148355, 7.581165825948119, 7.958267816575244, 7.1761103151366115, 7.556690234225243, 7.4830723132472485, 7.127591624390334, 7.096534874057397, 7.06684329174459, 7.313785907346755, 7.41760840988718, 7.586305449483916, 7.393674516817555, 7.1134533456061035, 7.161053764633834, 7.232840482145548, 7.807705112034455, 7.802177388919517, 7.434814833337441, 7.1197567384224385, 7.609760936815292, 7.6048959526233375, 7.666588508058339, 7.086485516279936, 7.49711527954787, 7.258938135346398, 7.049829262541607, 7.948606361169368, 7.569050225196406, 7.549995820503682, 7.451249081874266, 7.33095466112718, 7.315651397686452, 7.162982771638781, 7.036428123246878, 7.7934770348947495, 7.285622379975393, 7.300627378979698, 7.634420634014532, 7.004062885185704, 7.3528845412656665, 7.052161269122735, 7.6350891520269215, 7.6174446903169155, 7.661942397244275, 7.393856446258724, 7.298590776044875, 7.633186644176021, 7.480162543710321, 7.970117052085698, 7.013282163534313, 7.388849817682058, 7.48314833175391, 7.006568554788828, 7.224053979385644, 7.4623297224752605, 7.086562359705567, 7.330258498899639, 7.370535156922415, 7.444318383466452, 7.019180726725608, 7.904090707655996, 7.805423154029995, 7.421523749129847, 7.334516419796273, 7.625565606402233, 7.322430390864611, 7.695545464055613, 7.661413634894416, 7.206774513237178, 7.152620087144896, 7.772360250353813, 7.3026253106072545, 7.1985675119794905, 7.833944441983476, 7.407143067102879, 7.944435581797734, 7.875854515237734, 7.266375623177737, 7.949371698778123, 7.201366240391508, 7.038790606893599, 7.835988803068176, 7.214713611174375, 7.283364583272487, 7.078351071802899, 7.243364531546831, 7.858607413014397, 7.808540259022266, 7.711743772961199, 7.573910338804126, 7.185847158310935, 7.556785115273669, 7.278892621397972, 7.967959277331829, 7.120644801529124, 7.9095561124850065, 7.573860662290826, 7.699081919388846, 7.887581147020683, 7.119985182536766, 7.122255977243185, 7.03544191387482, 7.005750344367698, 7.238961891969666, 7.769931507995352, 7.664401517016813, 7.015984553610906, 7.087779873982072, 7.629592353710905, 7.911223381990567, 7.190754551207647, 7.402375110890716, 7.902163935825229, 7.815958524122834, 7.3295684535987675, 7.44417715840973, 7.391323017887771, 7.789142902940512, 7.213880310067907, 7.885316803352907, 7.1564983909484, 7.557407881133258, 7.95094711240381, 7.065407864749432, 7.100357701536268, 7.56473036040552, 7.974128897301853, 7.109728733310476, 7.990926282014698, 7.499261420220137, 7.410521913785487, 7.660488706780598, 7.55354411713779, 7.779133717762306, 7.410274973139167, 7.075153706828132, 7.494926604442298, 7.644348793430254, 7.272649115417153, 7.50709460536018, 7.11225724639371, 7.7655297964811325, 7.406287302728742, 7.6055654073134065, 7.457582414150238, 7.119767763186246, 7.3776340710464865, 7.822257464518771, 7.179200014797971, 7.5570841517765075, 7.63159427465871, 7.236862917430699, 7.095277807442471, 7.957864562980831, 7.558417388703674, 7.051219610264525, 7.014347429154441, 7.774535788455978, 7.033796956995502, 7.201360244769603, 7.37058523343876, 7.881756192073226, 7.700304260710254, 7.504287424730137, 7.685030677355826, 7.954556458862498, 7.32140100072138, 7.669509643688798, 7.219082190189511, 7.6407490824349225, 7.928136600414291, 7.937691954895854, 7.272118829190731, 7.506975632626563, 7.55342358071357, 7.526605511782691, 7.3828085048589855, 7.7320456055458635, 7.502861588727683, 7.80588047998026, 7.98786653438583, 7.040402337908745, 7.7374213768634945, 7.441677285823971, 7.998589555267245, 7.364622432040051, 7.050594414817169, 7.594779215985909, 7.984992848010734, 7.057983343955129, 7.143083479022607, 7.710436926456168, 7.730565320933238, 7.397078415611759, 7.251503532985225, 7.257617408409715, 7.205118728801608, 7.909079657169059, 7.908958909101784, 7.050240237032995, 7.402861953480169, 7.901074814377353, 7.254936741897836, 7.966302169952542, 7.001382915535942, 7.746922779595479, 7.261603620834649, 7.098912231158465, 7.660689736483619, 7.1882768967188895, 7.155292066046968, 7.012388592585921, 7.113289862405509, 7.42343988106586, 7.470631248317659, 7.000669732922688, 7.431148500647396, 7.064132348168641, 7.56682776263915, 7.763012170558795, 7.280849722214043, 7.750468709273264, 7.305829728022218, 7.3677184951957315, 7.626233182381839, 7.957810129504651, 7.245768768945709, 7.3571734661236405, 7.157720059622079, 7.506186420097947, 7.50432254653424, 7.19552584621124, 7.1194204504136, 7.003963475115597, 7.855818806914613, 7.931792195653543, 7.436441058292985, 7.776437187800184, 7.231990827713162, 7.98265797062777, 7.52292165835388, 7.1387037369422615, 7.521496086614206, 7.735316236503422, 7.396324516506866, 7.540918881073594, 7.7353562319185585, 7.212457021698356, 7.343567087315023, 7.401711526792496, 7.722912447527051, 7.900693212170154, 7.478120801737532, 7.615543953375891, 7.931223031831905, 7.643264363985509, 7.408755173208192, 7.574657781980932, 7.031259710434824, 7.165316966595128], "z": [0.1554032927379012, 0.18132062745280564, 0.516647610347718, 0.016118045896291733, 0.9791366143617779, 0.5037818395067006, 0.7549374450463802, 0.040135233430191875, 0.1316732841078192, 0.6092053465545177, 0.6697785016149282, 0.06187325343489647, 0.48491951799951494, 0.6678464892320335, 0.9682511608116329, 0.3269251899328083, 0.3237361896317452, 0.23316863761283457, 0.07954688766039908, 0.6294198140967637, 0.23390067485161126, 0.1389182643033564, 0.6201354905497283, 0.2968744607642293, 0.8205491288099438, 0.5415567494928837, 0.7690826123580337, 0.713201429694891, 0.8911280881147832, 0.6169338391628116, 0.5524713553022593, 0.9816350266337395, 0.3585194868501276, 0.9279919767286628, 0.7124921020586044, 0.5322897094301879, 0.9771105332765728, 0.6837925161235034, 0.45538088865578175, 0.46965302410535514, 0.22391292662359774, 0.6730358304921538, 0.04646939388476312, 0.6220634060446173, 0.17074285726994276, 0.9767292614560574, 0.6061418063472956, 0.7743619424290955, 0.03206973825581372, 0.7437898945063353, 0.7427801787853241, 0.24513421952724457, 0.4381674840115011, 0.8523996346630156, 0.6043429258279502, 0.10668100719340146, 0.24609768390655518, 0.7481734207831323, 0.26326053659431636, 0.5515524784568697, 0.8555213122162968, 0.7335608284920454, 0.09273222670890391, 0.8018770783673972, 0.9668408648576587, 0.4684711608570069, 0.8990764380432665, 0.9912789026275277, 0.018822621554136276, 0.2823752162512392, 0.3686229484155774, 0.820649485103786, 0.9964572021272033, 0.5960132516920567, 0.5324861388653517, 0.05979716754518449, 0.7159966439940035, 0.10107220406644046, 0.6654254125896841, 0.6140434634871781, 0.12304690759629011, 0.8133810546714813, 0.6932382341474295, 0.10216438607312739, 0.5957406230736524, 0.9089439865201712, 0.9592250250279903, 0.8606095560826361, 0.6296596189495176, 0.3323649144731462, 0.7720803264528513, 0.07261935551650822, 0.08060289174318314, 0.7035922820214182, 0.18585690623149276, 0.12594191660173237, 0.769690953893587, 0.9967074564192444, 0.11348572187125683, 0.9767923352774233, 0.9528287972789258, 0.6030423454940319, 0.5528281186707318, 0.6151838251389563, 0.4455575633328408, 0.8338980020489544, 0.7844406936783344, 0.19260903703980148, 0.5772306637372822, 0.9544668269809335, 0.19366139778867364, 0.6624143719673157, 0.8643729328177869, 0.1558071910403669, 0.58153809257783, 0.3847541210707277, 0.15207207086496055, 0.7598963005002588, 0.3785635535605252, 0.9654974860604852, 0.7222322328016162, 0.743762378115207, 0.8245879441965371, 0.19358427124097943, 0.43242013361305, 0.3404935847502202, 0.3938784650526941, 0.24343231949023902, 0.30568055249750614, 0.5125135642010719, 0.13699819007888436, 0.49397064838558435, 0.24046905315481126, 0.2741760779172182, 0.6015151084866375, 0.5300369043834507, 0.2053706666920334, 0.6023058174178004, 0.6999990881886333, 0.05718541890382767, 0.7830904764123261, 0.5039835649076849, 0.36851829709485173, 0.15256329532712698, 0.009359106421470642, 0.704198682680726, 0.7231319539714605, 0.21415502298623323, 0.39898604433983564, 0.30755413020960987, 0.908663570182398, 0.3380535498727113, 0.4018895337358117, 0.2508540025446564, 0.5999984454829246, 0.06488418416120112, 0.07528660073876381, 0.4795488025993109, 0.8991225836798549, 0.6347946976311505, 0.987536508589983, 0.8141929015982896, 0.0726739231031388, 0.6911193211562932, 0.08638083911500871, 0.40547823812812567, 0.2772515134420246, 0.6217619751114398, 0.815991593291983, 0.9484876720234752, 0.12493259157054126, 0.7416343176737428, 0.21018016105517745, 0.2848975001834333, 0.3541412428021431, 0.33507848298177123, 0.9678889471106231, 0.2638969854451716, 0.8598091762978584, 0.5137810118030757, 0.3011637325398624, 0.423371612560004, 0.5869480010587722, 0.9786664778366685, 0.11653449852019548, 0.09923954517580569, 0.9996912973001599, 0.6375328656286001, 0.5226959532592446, 0.9363810506183654, 0.317429545102641, 0.7450272613205016, 0.6893631629645824, 0.25225175684317946, 0.45539246988482773, 0.18182201776653528, 0.15083798859268427, 0.1040819853078574, 0.9122031610459089, 0.29745671642012894, 0.6324501365888864, 0.45304388157092035, 0.650630267104134, 0.4348193451296538, 0.43825188442133367, 0.532169638434425, 0.20797189697623253, 0.8224943135865033, 0.6780439768917859, 0.26524498010985553, 0.565818781265989, 0.8094488668721169, 0.7571460586041212, 0.38504831632599235, 0.5435579607728869, 0.637813318753615, 0.683697743806988, 0.03331066854298115, 0.6805385041516274, 0.8890513721853495, 0.1357055543921888, 0.6569137931801379, 0.4971466565039009, 0.9846261944621801, 0.741270899772644, 0.6366741394158453, 0.5871249013580382, 0.7500136608723551, 0.6561473195906729, 0.6462028932292014, 0.06606030813418329, 0.500647907378152, 0.1479342025704682, 0.5776282481383532, 0.6409645185340196, 0.752327237976715, 0.9944500187411904, 0.748056318378076, 0.7392379678785801, 0.5099082503002137, 0.60281205130741, 0.5153348934836686, 0.7851607077755034, 0.2898266084957868, 0.980311217950657, 0.30317668430507183, 0.7396143830846995, 0.19612704357132316, 0.6948652726132423, 0.5373482124414295, 0.19854927971027792, 0.4989235079847276, 0.6333292154595256, 0.9748469572514296, 0.7099811164662242, 0.10626334208063781, 0.8977090588305146, 0.22934596124105155, 0.30658345436677337, 0.7745889234356582, 0.545113246422261, 0.29956439859233797, 0.34497005213052034, 0.2638255194760859, 0.695465769385919, 0.30499170161783695, 0.6493993252515793, 0.5973113095387816, 0.3282984499819577, 0.8394717238843441, 0.39028664864599705, 0.16409291373565793, 0.018316279398277402, 0.05405264184810221, 0.049258091719821095, 0.3693038772325963, 0.44041407434269786, 0.5054053664207458, 0.09743322315625846, 0.21837552590295672, 0.4023969266563654, 0.9496803455986083, 0.6699133836664259, 0.6219705152325332, 0.11047329450957477, 0.5106363496743143, 0.8263277169317007, 0.15637259627692401, 0.45503551978617907, 0.7472559513989836, 0.5143975336104631, 0.08555393107235432, 0.9735520319081843, 0.019955016439780593, 0.03755156300030649, 0.2851224832702428, 0.036390009336173534, 0.33710758993402123, 0.54996522446163, 0.40643193339928985, 0.9150509729515761, 0.2684310106560588, 0.46456888085231185, 0.752096138894558, 0.8889843241777271, 0.8978548028972, 0.5924996223766357, 0.30184658290818334, 0.6422661875840276, 0.6611139150336385, 0.403897664276883, 0.26406058575958014, 0.44138071429915726, 0.9072241627145559, 0.9011965030804276, 0.2964722055476159, 0.5986661978531629, 0.11497671669349074, 0.7482556963805109, 0.6238420566078275, 0.7499380041845143, 0.026673942571505904, 0.9665780244395137, 0.12441181717440486, 0.6786545284558088, 0.6180701900739223, 0.7555157339666039, 0.5176008734852076, 0.36875991499982774, 0.8155016945675015, 0.16223222040571272, 0.7330404573585838, 0.20382163091562688, 0.8658419165294617, 0.6521479543298483, 0.9162901225499809, 0.8057076220866293, 0.42847026558592916, 0.621753117069602, 0.8482373666483909, 0.5944219753146172, 0.20194550813175738, 0.7333188902121037, 0.5825297667179257, 0.7191728090401739, 0.6996705853380263, 0.020703657530248165, 0.5141095535364002, 0.1469348908867687, 0.7940923848655075, 0.01247653178870678, 0.04312272951938212, 0.2581887941341847, 0.04366666288115084, 0.08157885004766285, 0.7163319657556713, 0.8954783158842474, 0.5425404575653374, 0.3458364284597337, 0.5954943816177547, 0.27993670268915594, 0.5152742813806981, 0.8978797220624983, 0.5596343115903437, 0.6888883598148823, 0.7626896179281175, 0.4652804716024548, 0.10232683713547885, 0.3327895968686789, 0.6911061531864107, 0.5244040018878877, 0.19103707186877728, 0.4592885277234018, 0.6921991910785437, 0.6228594318963587, 0.21765200467780232, 0.6603834119159728, 0.613930102204904, 0.8797745846677572, 0.469538317527622, 0.60714181070216, 0.5603075318504125, 0.19661126588471234, 0.6121419270057231, 0.3970483485609293, 0.2574213487096131, 0.6646863017231226, 0.5912503823637962, 0.7179715863894671, 0.040329158306121826, 0.2024159231223166, 0.6062034112401307, 0.8860104109626263, 0.7976601631380618, 0.5549601791426539, 0.2897668187506497, 0.3902287136297673, 0.7952187452465296, 0.15616750065237284, 0.6548440880142152, 0.7781889461912215, 0.24644408095628023, 0.37036287249065936, 0.5619983419310302, 0.9066612634342164, 0.5794222210533917, 0.16272934689186513, 0.1200481413397938, 0.6082418819423765, 0.32345718680880964, 0.38093645102344453, 0.47495324234478176, 0.2369714598171413, 0.8273239189293236, 0.6732567709404975, 0.880759286461398, 0.8670181492343545, 0.5529161908198148, 0.20411675330251455, 0.35380889428779483, 0.44925875356420875, 0.3916116743348539, 0.7267432119697332, 0.991770034423098, 0.2672086772508919, 0.3380188911687583, 0.46060533355921507, 0.2023314144462347, 0.18344461964443326, 0.998519588727504, 0.8929595579393208, 0.9184184484183788, 0.9496234909165651, 0.1919256579130888, 0.4195641968399286, 0.2411867044866085, 0.8179372451268137, 0.18031803146004677, 0.6487973807379603, 0.7812539711594582, 0.7596441165078431, 0.9984398589003831, 0.7185987124685198, 0.6736857225187123, 0.8952114037238061, 0.5265438726637512, 0.8393405855167657, 0.46797844767570496, 0.4573430388700217, 0.5562100107781589, 0.200288531370461, 0.09857978136278689, 0.35355526953935623, 0.5099639464169741, 0.0771451136097312, 0.44080521422438323, 0.2441196166910231, 0.7071841224096715, 0.42371042422018945, 0.25333432061597705, 0.020202897489070892, 0.9804375651292503, 0.7777584304567426, 0.8163823892828077, 0.799617359880358, 0.6599589397665113, 0.8995900424197316, 0.791960574220866, 0.5503906472586095, 0.852606788277626, 0.16698794811964035, 0.6425123082008213, 0.2627259031869471, 0.26421343069523573, 0.9075823195744306, 0.2605926713440567, 0.5691020670346916, 0.3547775028273463, 0.5016300529241562, 0.498580519342795, 0.7059435655828565, 0.34324605693109334, 0.49487855820916593, 0.8482566974125803, 0.25935731129720807, 0.43712725955992937, 0.08306974289007485, 0.5458345671650022, 0.7650648530106992, 0.5351141379214823, 0.7174382319208235, 0.04910088190808892, 0.9498885711655021, 0.9506363826803863, 0.10092346626333892, 0.10563834640197456, 0.6641969457268715, 0.06213527265936136, 0.6186131022404879, 0.15178539883345366, 0.5895609124563634, 0.7965408340096474, 0.21810976369306445, 0.6968130634631962, 0.3260339896660298, 0.36242772405967116, 0.40446167974732816, 0.41637553879991174, 0.17011285107582808, 0.13386461231857538, 0.6353338120970875, 0.5373960682190955, 0.8254665902350098, 0.000511696096509695, 0.2155353375710547, 0.8779335264116526, 0.4210336762480438, 0.20495310402475297, 0.8377366526983678, 0.6408326902892441, 0.05000317073427141, 0.2949132027570158, 0.4358409584965557, 0.42564248060807586, 0.41134430281817913, 0.12503621564246714, 0.5138446809723973, 0.2897953875362873, 0.1721954122185707, 0.7787038153037429, 0.14673186326399446, 0.8520464701578021, 0.7757032378576696, 0.418526544701308, 0.5048674016725272, 0.5704542538151145, 0.5402103837113827, 0.8959114293102175, 0.43303497531451285, 0.9646390974521637, 0.9667006339877844, 0.4195517818443477, 0.060180221451446414, 0.12360061798244715, 0.1285021777730435, 0.6046518015209585, 0.08337053819559515, 0.4819274677429348, 0.28026450984179974, 0.6869145790114999, 0.46062200190499425, 0.1850134558044374, 0.6225059302523732, 0.40847847843542695, 0.45204141992144287, 0.9402772891335189, 0.8106577529106289, 0.5879480768926442, 0.26827239035628736, 0.3622565024998039, 0.9558493650984019, 0.1803851139266044, 0.7353003157768399, 0.4951814361847937, 0.9830289811361581, 0.9573591998778284, 0.4266932704485953, 0.42291868873871863, 0.08566801552660763, 0.4101794871967286, 0.28912808489985764, 0.6036799184512347, 0.2187081607989967, 0.7786475135944784, 0.024568805936723948, 0.7501951921731234, 0.43686422938480973, 0.35598380444571376, 0.7618688063230366, 0.7800372883211821, 0.6739431077148765, 0.03242416400462389, 0.6009397269226611, 0.5973097442183644, 0.7875400283373892, 0.8373577087186277, 0.2957464870996773, 0.5488300416618586, 0.14779812470078468, 0.979088335763663, 0.41218276880681515, 0.4600601978600025, 0.9893628302961588, 0.5084707990754396, 0.18385669379495084, 0.709648400079459, 0.865353791275993, 0.2046010906342417, 0.5832585224416107, 0.796143322950229, 0.5946060523856431, 0.9068266816902906, 0.45464927912689745, 0.5136012870352715, 0.5214489360805601, 0.5782224370632321, 0.22902527498081326, 0.3685451252385974, 0.2692577939014882, 0.06621650350280106, 0.7077903617173433, 0.6604525092989206, 0.174039346864447, 0.8214571988210082, 0.7959126757923514, 0.44709821813739836, 0.35389286489225924, 0.3491365963127464, 0.29607830569148064, 0.8462317974772304, 0.47808681381866336, 0.8977682217955589, 0.9956997861154377, 0.6138026074040681, 0.7440890104044229, 0.21997341909445822, 0.8193252072669566, 0.780375502537936, 0.9005615308415145, 0.8096536078955978, 0.9883340748492628, 0.8987449109554291, 0.9478553994558752, 0.75219546421431, 0.2569928406737745, 0.7389286560937762, 0.7819219129160047, 0.9482774755451828, 0.033401441760361195, 0.14778199698776007, 0.6669127927161753, 0.6836892650462687, 0.9025307102128863, 0.0433516101911664, 0.25298909074626863, 0.07437052554450929, 0.3617894819471985, 0.9569290436338633, 0.6011337053496391, 0.2253274500835687, 0.06331247324123979, 0.9891046844422817, 0.886592807713896, 0.7972150126006454, 0.5516820263583213, 0.20997965917922556, 0.7026678572874516, 0.39022052846848965, 0.9535204842686653, 0.7661933985073119, 0.806553854374215, 0.5929675195366144, 0.5409409587737173, 0.21819666819646955, 0.8540466330014169, 0.5831210701726377, 0.591939473990351, 0.5256109072361141, 0.8407493836712092, 0.40237087826244533, 0.02458917791955173, 0.18921974045224488, 0.9427412473596632, 0.905687945894897, 0.33721866155974567, 0.5896919667720795, 0.28053661552257836, 0.7045137381646782, 0.06132189719937742, 0.9179613166488707, 0.5017233854159713, 0.883306302363053, 0.3659883008804172, 0.06330089480616152, 0.9536215413827449, 0.9314196642953902, 0.023283998714759946, 0.6678067832253873, 0.8117102701216936, 0.8679236324969679, 0.6327071553096175, 0.4456310623791069, 0.3178500870708376, 0.751118223182857, 0.886361755663529, 0.7050488665699959, 0.5302066246513277, 0.8777728164568543, 0.0039734921883791685, 0.2498863758519292, 0.10961512848734856, 0.27914858842268586, 0.24569460074417293, 0.19076517084613442, 0.0893120092805475, 0.8142965959850699, 0.02866662130691111, 0.22363836667500436, 0.45273800077848136, 0.18159810011275113, 0.04656795458868146, 0.05460396339185536, 0.6091977639589459, 0.7067564923781902, 0.35301266983151436, 0.7285051019862294, 0.924806967144832, 0.8710074762348086, 0.535910646431148, 0.45513972779735923, 0.9422350788954645, 0.28330140211619437, 0.008732993388548493, 0.35508915688842535, 0.12452003825455904, 0.21818796009756625, 0.19346371106803417, 0.73603505641222, 0.76299784402363, 0.39992448571138084, 0.47460188064724207, 0.8127349487040192, 0.6461983206681907, 0.9598511876538396, 0.5392358188983053, 0.05956636741757393, 0.18051797896623611, 0.804565979866311, 0.22843444300815463, 0.41706703044474125, 0.6040748162195086, 0.529063732130453, 0.8248727512545884, 0.7545227415394038, 0.3945788962300867, 0.31153871840797365, 0.24851329461671412, 0.2905414125416428, 0.38702430040575564, 0.5267920943442732, 0.6697912914678454, 0.8230343721807003, 0.1354966564103961, 0.9019937699194998, 0.24177367077209055, 0.7070251039694995, 0.04497250448912382, 0.06742786825634539, 0.5108937828335911, 0.9059383231215179, 0.08764583454467356, 0.13556138752028346, 0.9114481706637889, 0.017694666981697083, 0.8831323725171387, 0.06863662344403565, 0.24923325423151255, 0.18094087718054652, 0.5003034314140677, 0.8576408661901951, 0.9105197524186224, 0.03609869675710797, 0.9409165533725172, 0.8604417778551579, 0.08282173913903534, 0.5005143999587744, 0.3234992695506662, 0.37297778599895537, 0.2738233373966068, 0.6044889439363033, 0.5574172453489155, 0.5529204048216343, 0.9761284722480923, 0.983643647748977, 0.6656111541669816, 0.7554282918572426, 0.5140844932757318, 0.8376240755897015, 0.07946244906634092, 0.9598525515757501, 0.10983944102190435, 0.05779069452546537, 0.7609365663956851, 0.8258389164693654, 0.04821629961952567, 0.8462586493697017, 0.9688663587439805, 0.5330973430536687, 0.5381970764137805, 0.12446731561794877, 0.42735095974057913, 0.8266181382350624, 0.6130297887139022, 0.4884429119993001, 0.15308443107642233, 0.9410052506718785, 0.8171778672840446, 0.7996606682427227, 0.4028796451166272, 0.8581899523269385, 0.864984987070784, 0.7290723177138716, 0.36206126119941473, 0.8942906842567027, 0.441130229504779, 0.17932988703250885, 0.8294013871345669, 0.9984255582094193, 0.7729476888198406, 0.9764614573214203, 0.23034784710034728, 0.06117380294017494, 0.4775125067681074, 0.9977285575587302, 0.16101694758981466, 0.2892600221093744, 0.9078641808591783, 0.7688488943967968, 0.5536348312161863, 0.05815231800079346, 0.9593900539912283, 0.033619850873947144, 0.43049628869630396, 0.8808393396902829, 0.5438050567172468, 0.9201082158833742, 0.17212285846471786, 0.37633966049179435, 0.5391347401309758, 0.7816102725919336, 0.008659937651827931, 0.14623955986462533, 0.7413024413399398, 0.29840041464194655, 0.7902080602943897, 0.21540555078536272, 0.3234704250935465, 0.6375528275966644, 0.7559973541647196, 0.507410867838189, 0.8465490154922009, 0.3019951735623181, 0.7563478951342404, 0.6267220629379153, 0.2181721581146121, 0.6791863592807204, 0.7781377404462546, 0.3901008330285549, 0.027171887923032045, 0.09101889771409333, 0.9129508258774877, 0.4665291488636285, 0.24139410071074963, 0.05594144528731704, 0.7916930257342756, 0.7667525501456112, 0.09144322061911225, 0.9889305518008769, 0.43292517494410276, 0.2730000438168645, 0.056579317431896925, 0.07183581870049238, 0.1929093087092042, 0.5343621985521168, 0.7410792256705463, 0.6454895907081664, 0.49387970962561667, 0.47384315845556557, 0.6588382504414767, 0.2628141313325614, 0.7367581161670387, 0.041951573453843594, 0.42460583592765033, 0.572911883238703, 0.7286923809442669, 0.7362407031469047, 0.13721191138029099, 0.8100854274816811, 0.12194652762264013, 0.1457743919454515, 0.35614924621768296, 0.012121162377297878, 0.5076532021630555, 0.609488723333925, 0.056526353349909186, 0.6250649397261441, 0.9877266788389534, 0.8372616865672171, 0.07646119920536876, 0.6834297066088766, 0.3316256678663194, 0.43566771829500794, 0.08696269546635449, 0.9855444394052029, 0.04360466217622161, 0.33939757314510643, 0.02389055909588933, 0.4268303420394659, 0.009410160593688488, 0.7634576971177012, 0.06974602048285306, 0.012079484760761261, 0.4200251093134284, 0.7794677685014904, 0.5946830403991044, 0.29848918761126697, 0.29851073515601456, 0.35930848051793873, 0.26287674019113183, 0.5987323294393718, 0.3404896908905357, 0.5012117663864046, 0.4734523168299347, 0.23842324153520167, 0.4920210875570774, 0.8550884837750345, 0.1460124256554991, 0.7577362684533, 0.35763183911331, 0.5485471764113754, 0.8953445800580084, 0.6259785802103579, 0.2420251548755914, 0.9775937139056623, 0.3600364893209189, 0.484757310943678, 0.19757834891788661, 0.007068386999890208, 0.9949091346934438, 0.9963691560551524, 0.9206185152288526, 0.9003400823567063, 0.897618310758844, 0.6332078871782869, 0.06396756786853075, 0.1728228151332587, 0.7649135710671544, 0.017866334645077586, 0.4856293648481369, 0.7182308086194098, 0.611477023921907, 0.8757586595602334, 0.4595634376164526, 0.24900246411561966, 0.9130941233597696, 0.08090264187194407, 0.5717059432063252, 0.7701927076559514, 0.8524280856363475, 0.861726549686864, 0.8783349879086018, 0.01487038703635335, 0.9618189621251076, 0.9203541483730078, 0.7383837667293847, 0.9538136182818562, 0.45982021535746753, 0.87914655264467, 0.21664306870661676, 0.25945922755636275, 0.5541014010086656, 0.3943862961605191, 0.5177770680747926, 0.9049414356704801, 0.45451685157604516, 0.17385356407612562, 0.20071543427184224, 0.7624945789575577, 0.44696032139472663, 0.2637218104209751, 0.5459908286575228, 0.2562919652555138, 0.04342340026050806, 0.6027558955829591, 0.028358259703963995, 0.8984534009359777, 0.6129806409589946, 0.1285265765618533, 0.8013655061367899, 0.3192015001550317, 0.27469889889471233, 0.24431710224598646, 0.7270047019701451, 0.7347778109833598, 0.48772241175174713, 0.7929764958098531, 0.9037475134246051, 0.9823918477632105, 0.9674351043067873, 0.2648845419753343]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#1f78b4", "name": "B", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}], "options": {"save_image": false, "range": {"y": [-4.5, 5.5], "x": [0.0, 10.0], "z": [-4.5, 5.5]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"viz1c5e779b-ee6f-4552-a8f1-1a92aa0c4a72",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"viz1c5e779b-ee6f-4552-a8f1-1a92aa0c4a72",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="viz1c5e779b-ee6f-4552-a8f1-1a92aa0c4a72"></div>
      </body>
    </html>




.. parsed-literal::

    '"viz1c5e779b-ee6f-4552-a8f1-1a92aa0c4a72"'



.. code:: python

    plot_id = viz.plot_world(w, radius=0.025)
    viz.to_png(plot_id)



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://d3js.org/d3.v3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
             Elegans: [
               'https://cdn.rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/15e85b0dafdb6f09181c1ee2f0c47218f6fd698d/release/elegans.min',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.16638516657985747, 0.23167474125511944, 0.4233357976190746, 0.8626727729570121, 0.503561596153304, 0.6219850287307054, 0.11643567075952888, 0.588251851964742, 0.13144163601100445, 0.09490153845399618, 0.1760752173140645, 0.31976673379540443, 0.20911898626945913, 0.6906920443288982, 0.2673789896070957, 0.5534755154512823, 0.8082249178551137, 0.7991501011420041, 0.4461589502170682, 0.7693711705505848, 0.9136079072486609, 0.6657824895810336, 0.6323590043466538, 0.47085985727608204, 0.6076177875511348, 0.211911347694695, 0.5934303179383278, 0.9536921011749655, 0.74388502468355, 0.9656685572117567, 0.45858965325169265, 0.4811072724405676, 0.18376190750859678, 0.5219957251101732, 0.09079553838819265, 0.807058387901634, 0.7456822637468576, 0.39777990500442684, 0.25097460276447237, 0.403149020858109, 0.15407181484624743, 0.2198895146138966, 0.30847754143178463, 0.02200767840258777, 0.056438026716932654, 0.7427972650621086, 0.7837948899250478, 0.38327893312089145, 0.9967466595117003, 0.4095733375288546, 0.877099244389683, 0.44107847078703344, 0.8727193307131529, 0.7509324254933745, 0.27372842701151967, 0.7684197169728577, 0.39691196847707033, 0.959812035318464, 0.3858660073019564, 0.7219385372009128, 0.6360284148249775, 0.2633486723061651, 0.16341040446422994, 0.8887766178231686, 0.9186081311199814, 0.8244119836017489, 0.08819224452599883, 0.0868960008956492, 0.9778511363547295, 0.7632915505673736, 0.8167808435391635, 0.5115199680440128, 0.9965148421470076, 0.0579370881896466, 0.3442053843755275, 0.7953612192068249, 0.3135333387181163, 0.5715529688168317, 0.7727704118005931, 0.6638473586644977, 0.5435070376843214, 0.12057949369773269, 0.5150257211644202, 0.039848336949944496, 0.770359497051686, 0.6994921052828431, 0.7867884123697877, 0.040980519726872444, 0.25663211406208575, 0.48537076520733535, 0.07131419191136956, 0.9902716565411538, 0.3873060077894479, 0.8594375883694738, 0.35006863018497825, 0.4800981990993023, 0.29960523382760584, 0.9943272864911705, 0.9706688167061657, 0.5379822107497603, 0.9179827617481351, 0.40980710345320404, 0.7098015123046935, 0.09349291143007576, 0.2849126134533435, 0.1283740394283086, 0.6599973815027624, 0.07085890113376081, 0.5445661484263837, 0.5751384287141263, 0.5505829411558807, 0.4775639644358307, 0.35819537844508886, 0.356265130918473, 0.33700314396992326, 0.43999225297011435, 0.20950507326051593, 0.20297361467964947, 0.5488599040545523, 0.1685273963958025, 0.7950160910841078, 0.46784626436419785, 0.5710005727596581, 0.1828756567556411, 0.8514509948436171, 0.626901081064716, 0.6598232518881559, 0.94298310065642, 0.3050584190059453, 0.17588815814815462, 0.5975105632096529, 0.5054749906994402, 0.2291722926311195, 0.58191755739972, 0.03532925224862993, 0.055927500827237964, 0.008535261964425445, 0.06260617868974805, 0.8647979903034866, 0.6298159405123442, 0.3576720808632672, 0.5532593061216176, 0.6015934103634208, 0.7873450326733291, 0.7384461779147387, 0.6476612752303481, 0.28505867230705917, 0.7340541193261743, 0.011802365072071552, 0.002761547453701496, 0.8683752343058586, 0.637878468958661, 0.8254945501685143, 0.07582152495160699, 0.8958139400929213, 0.9074375086929649, 0.2636389459948987, 0.45101098250597715, 0.920573128387332, 0.8703280526679009, 0.6707604327239096, 0.8755596107803285, 0.6416853682603687, 0.39677671203389764, 0.22376022138632834, 0.8989338241517544, 0.4424953041598201, 0.47513182112015784, 0.825183957349509, 0.7949723871424794, 0.45213092397898436, 0.578407097607851, 0.19847092614509165, 0.8916908327955753, 0.45849772170186043, 0.21678169374354184, 0.8249345109798014, 0.9984963503666222, 0.16316901589743793, 0.990067582577467, 0.6309905308298767, 0.8522423407994211, 0.0984460161998868, 0.04034976405091584, 0.9603571889456362, 0.9606137208174914, 0.6487175046931952, 0.4260834257584065, 0.9622816909104586, 0.5038947551511228, 0.9673193686176091, 0.42697531916201115, 0.33200455643236637, 0.03795036720111966, 0.5082497282419354, 0.17556444951333106, 0.12115338817238808, 0.5697452800814062, 0.48658556677401066, 0.2769537491258234, 0.9270161085296422, 0.4241650530602783, 0.27585873613134027, 0.09279119060374796, 0.46920169284567237, 0.7487733962479979, 0.09138331958092749, 0.14044133154675364, 0.9824178125709295, 0.52386384177953, 0.12373278173618019, 0.5337092541158199, 0.31243900395929813, 0.8979193288832903, 0.5350939356721938, 0.28892757510766387, 0.6979496087878942, 0.6685652085579932, 0.6562951006926596, 0.21944307861849666, 0.40501742786727846, 0.02928583766333759, 0.7084024837240577, 0.7563967132009566, 0.4750271539669484, 0.7897613947279751, 0.6581177031621337, 0.6839126364793628, 0.17092499905265868, 0.9542074662167579, 0.7235770558472723, 0.9198262724094093, 0.5667448255699128, 0.10052802856080234, 0.5729700471274555, 0.5468454689253122, 0.5093664575833827, 0.8235932032112032, 0.8711766179185361, 0.03693869221024215, 0.7199300969950855, 0.8620454107876867, 0.6490544492844492, 0.5973082461860031, 0.40743823326192796, 0.547578556695953, 0.7969242483377457, 0.7708610438276082, 0.5264232710469514, 0.7200469106901437, 0.9971233909018338, 0.39796731155365705, 0.7844327779021114, 0.7575953071936965, 0.6921510517131537, 0.516904663760215, 0.5465536573901772, 0.06506597087718546, 0.5642177788540721, 0.28575052390806377, 0.7927108730655164, 0.8378042036201805, 0.5397778938058764, 0.7685038160998374, 0.8175381643231958, 0.26527882367372513, 0.2226310041733086, 0.9967876090668142, 0.675302941352129, 0.36466862028464675, 0.3518093889579177, 0.08025265228934586, 0.4595146256033331, 0.13415919221006334, 0.2893806230276823, 0.4979864798951894, 0.3818800481967628, 0.15477963048033416, 0.2611614358611405, 0.1473666923120618, 0.6295265678782016, 0.4004725185222924, 0.2290187799371779, 0.8605790394358337, 0.8713632081635296, 0.3426220652181655, 0.5263364899437875, 0.5083677570801228, 0.9990388231817633, 0.6690893487539142, 0.669439111603424, 0.09975170763209462, 0.5053861159831285, 0.4100197423249483, 0.1529728809837252, 0.23963598883710802, 0.9996643383055925, 0.4662535560782999, 0.0778996660374105, 0.6311789364553988, 0.5573954230640084, 0.02939683315344155, 0.4878240958787501, 0.7716196430847049, 0.4767458022106439, 0.7236798501107842, 0.09013889613561332, 0.13177268137224019, 0.4671108948532492, 0.1297885193489492, 0.38016261090524495, 0.5025092165451497, 0.6115243416279554, 0.2588034274522215, 0.03813493740744889, 0.560638798866421, 0.4700866895727813, 0.7993529208470136, 0.6145784736145288, 0.7745501059107482, 0.17468860652297735, 0.2742983109783381, 0.39626174233853817, 0.6435517147183418, 0.5389682499226183, 0.7213628517929465, 0.5486418015789241, 0.9880302925594151, 0.9434464841615409, 0.06204561912454665, 0.9150863352697343, 0.6853181079495698, 0.28221006761305034, 0.08456072607077658, 0.4260565503500402, 0.015477162087336183, 0.2984546525403857, 0.9116334656719118, 0.5923042339272797, 0.766927788965404, 0.7664294466376305, 0.08026590780355036, 0.7691938444040716, 0.11165176169015467, 0.6556122333277017, 0.3156941838096827, 0.2895232504233718, 0.6481976984068751, 0.37532228929921985, 0.20933871157467365, 0.13451576931402087, 0.7527409510221332, 0.8811892212834209, 0.12266090512275696, 0.5070897717960179, 0.48692494444549084, 0.19854358700104058, 0.1582023419905454, 0.44683048338629305, 0.5667385021224618, 0.14342697034589946, 0.5326091609895229, 0.044888833770528436, 0.2026153588667512, 0.822218190645799, 0.6645717658102512, 0.7234182853717357, 0.11897088005207479, 0.1895636827684939, 0.011576077202335, 0.5562339364551008, 0.7288506913464516, 0.14120120066218078, 0.33297285065054893, 0.5562089746817946, 0.998598444275558, 0.8674925481900573, 0.6073370485100895, 0.0233799007255584, 0.7764130670111626, 0.4459786389488727, 0.4915936307515949, 0.4514499206561595, 0.5016218621749431, 0.5735044968314469, 0.17095903400331736, 0.22016726853325963, 0.2424401177559048, 0.7896026037633419, 0.024685103446245193, 0.19420441053807735, 0.9997287832666188, 0.4501500055193901, 0.5178113435395062, 0.9335497424472123, 0.05612710793502629, 0.36123994505032897, 0.24400376225821674, 0.26917187962681055, 0.29528927174396813, 0.4882318063173443, 0.06953037576749921, 0.15324956690892577, 0.43944625998847187, 0.5955650808755308, 0.5510877829510719, 0.835788823897019, 0.4494309169240296, 0.8832526882179081, 0.4839467548299581, 0.8417362498585135, 0.46161674917675555, 0.010041099041700363, 0.2129273524042219, 0.3202234141062945, 0.8818420397583395, 0.8322876114398241, 0.1671775677241385, 0.8254029795061797, 0.1465538702905178, 0.9684944550972432, 0.6056466237641871, 0.5327752963639796, 0.11289120698347688, 0.6874265614897013, 0.7722058619838208, 0.3512605647556484, 0.699337488040328, 0.6001164480112493, 0.685843845596537, 0.16243646177463233, 0.0011333825532346964, 0.6525044664740562, 0.040343757485970855, 0.9357877552974969, 0.8933955158572644, 0.6003239620476961, 0.017529350938275456, 0.15390096278861165, 0.36781220859847963, 0.8249429522547871, 0.9377916399389505, 0.6350951371714473, 0.625044283689931, 0.28745734645053744, 0.9285814701579511, 0.45312099903821945, 0.8544234517030418, 0.5948984930291772, 0.07052818592637777, 0.953023792244494, 0.4138863990083337, 0.6987282265909016, 0.7122525020968169, 0.6051558947656304, 0.34585160086862743, 0.2873928523622453, 0.43788470118306577, 0.8457446868997067, 0.22061604913324118, 0.5710979921277612, 0.09500045515596867, 0.31120205693878233, 0.7006826740689576, 0.0006775825750082731, 0.22944854269735515, 0.1330662197433412, 0.5147318032104522, 0.2903835305478424, 0.48686942807398736, 0.45287652499973774, 0.22644634754396975, 0.4753318624570966, 0.585954314796254, 0.017330548260360956, 0.08953642845153809, 0.7126573759596795, 0.6101736144628376, 0.9590541191864759, 0.33626194950193167, 0.3432970801368356, 0.01201373222284019, 0.8816800536587834, 0.34243600466288626, 0.8969337451271713, 0.9171663913875818, 0.7118967629503459, 0.3826178621966392, 0.8660829609725624, 0.4338990661781281, 0.4928750251419842, 0.5697841374203563, 0.9872414192650467, 0.3323269078973681, 0.4935186570510268, 0.5751099563203752, 0.9205190681386739, 0.6972619649022818, 0.3320476731751114, 0.28337776591069996, 0.5977618684992194, 0.24058931577019393, 0.6429704686161131, 0.03940348629839718, 0.25152693619020283, 0.7745076175779104, 0.07060768525116146, 0.47882375051267445, 0.5301820682361722, 0.44353529531508684, 0.4637521884869784, 0.6090675296727568, 0.8349102477077395, 0.16139680589549243, 0.3987832204438746, 0.5023689214140177, 0.09622586402110755, 0.613514335360378, 0.9489063161890954, 0.3672644274774939, 0.06747106555849314, 0.6347280878107995, 0.0816485770046711, 0.7414790503680706, 0.8665411164984107, 0.8082732600159943, 0.8923299578018486, 0.18263561907224357, 0.9584098106715828, 0.9848435698077083, 0.7815377777442336, 0.13291114661842585, 0.5649896070826799, 0.25805869116447866, 0.9743783224839717, 0.5409914015326649, 0.27639530040323734, 0.5708009775262326, 0.3385741845704615, 0.946206494467333, 0.6051481214817613, 0.8412635063286871, 0.8772986812982708, 0.740451845806092, 0.46099149878136814, 0.4772642473690212, 0.566038795048371, 0.12777988240122795, 0.6413417325820774, 0.2497481065802276, 0.5890547165181488, 0.3713294619228691, 0.8023448314052075, 0.9233969107735902, 0.6964264397975057, 0.1658425333444029, 0.3478082928340882, 0.7247379671316594, 0.7641497473232448, 0.38898214558139443, 0.047997812973335385, 0.7894459709059447, 0.7220027449075133, 0.8759452446829528, 0.025436944095417857, 0.10153995105065405, 0.5794829840306193, 0.3810418366920203, 0.9822372307535261, 0.6697102522011846, 0.7480776619631797, 0.4572454644367099, 0.7821462431456894, 0.011945324949920177, 0.3222972881048918, 0.9150854910258204, 0.2038870849646628, 0.44695358886383474, 0.9794923022855073, 0.9792172412853688, 0.8967152019031346, 0.25904051191173494, 0.9153652440290898, 0.1853165968786925, 0.42262812447734177, 0.5127261637244374, 0.19591638073325157, 0.9363233710173517, 0.8580807507969439, 0.43943386361934245, 0.703614714788273, 0.6244750751648098, 0.3625669202301651, 0.7996977919247001, 0.5126980699133128, 0.2927115249913186, 0.42675040173344314, 0.9604109728243202, 0.09925774135626853, 0.06823958922177553, 0.7845785862300545, 0.5259767917450517, 0.22079152008518577, 0.7616391559131444, 0.3824289469048381, 0.3590556674171239, 0.12321603880263865, 0.09297179151326418, 0.4360299641266465, 0.852791516110301, 0.6596586056984961, 0.7978731410112232, 0.8632997588720173, 0.7650477804709226, 0.7546277346555144, 0.11871390254236758, 0.5124333503190428, 0.9735693684779108, 0.5145027083344758, 0.5295140536036342, 0.5127143731806427, 0.0923954639583826, 0.8209651175420731, 0.7345032466109842, 0.16600825870409608, 0.7750687054358423, 0.48230027384124696, 0.5587574413511902, 0.5989723363891244, 0.4681144703645259, 0.07852302631363273, 0.05183703522197902, 0.29896346805617213, 0.6136142411269248, 0.2743398391176015, 0.9306639430578798, 0.6037787129171193, 0.23012881563045084, 0.3505982938222587, 0.5279607663396746, 0.2085085017606616, 0.3989437196869403, 0.1449818997643888, 0.36635154532268643, 0.7071355637162924, 0.25624284939840436, 0.10246066236868501, 0.12352557550184429, 0.5963801161851734, 0.046546155819669366, 0.6856481654103845, 0.09195448597893119, 0.07381773390807211, 0.9874994729179889, 0.3596753634046763, 0.5290629672817886, 0.11387114878743887, 0.10188448685221374, 0.6796959892380983, 0.15602996828965843, 0.11243237648159266, 0.23832667898386717, 0.6042216101195663, 0.4436620152555406, 0.23362282710149884, 0.944539979333058, 0.20619617472402751, 0.654846997000277, 0.6456133804749697, 0.8549566722940654, 0.6431204010732472, 0.5758057178463787, 0.19070524908602238, 0.6451342531945556, 0.5476490268483758, 0.9413166211452335, 0.3355268866289407, 0.3515494230668992, 0.4900164767168462, 0.951672752154991, 0.8193316364195198, 0.6104002697393298, 0.3610998678486794, 0.02756211394444108, 0.6999527364969254, 0.9325110372155905, 0.47779779601842165, 0.8384786313399673, 0.6576318393927068, 0.40266363974660635, 0.31108326837420464, 0.1262069521471858, 0.1920246286317706, 0.25372693059034646, 0.7085126359015703, 0.6460897631477565, 0.3653995965141803, 0.9530571612995118, 0.44961781962774694, 0.20290216687135398, 0.825677277520299, 0.28255791356787086, 0.8287806014996022, 0.2767263592686504, 0.6037752986885607, 0.17066176142543554, 0.19067339762113988, 0.0805881037376821, 0.3987618647515774, 0.9583895779214799, 0.5414710799232125, 0.3354988181963563, 0.9348769248463213, 0.38839018903672695, 0.991192662389949, 0.07877858844585717, 0.9431404003407806, 0.3395362875889987, 0.814292597817257, 0.6541873007081449, 0.12173027032986283, 0.9053038686979562, 0.8170272081624717, 0.11636166973039508, 0.3397814759518951, 0.9499596401583403, 0.859029995277524, 0.09818770457059145, 0.6661596419289708, 0.17869103117845953, 0.9065959276631474, 0.34462230070494115, 0.919164857827127, 0.7461575521156192, 0.4759482746012509, 0.4520755542907864, 0.20124359615147114, 0.30015425267629325, 0.009914674097672105, 0.1652122549712658, 0.5116575327701867, 0.44494681316427886, 0.5968537421431392, 0.027776794508099556, 0.5949178445152938, 0.2895297962240875, 0.9941741861402988, 0.9751087529584765, 0.37103299843147397, 0.8830803299788386, 0.03183214017190039, 0.44071328872814775, 0.8443980249576271, 0.28844162821769714, 0.4977841032668948, 0.07975539332255721, 0.760901011293754, 0.013179428176954389, 0.1263293083757162, 0.8578479506541044, 0.2776718253735453, 0.612734860740602, 0.672651769593358, 0.06277156178839505, 0.19392986223101616, 0.6510634266305715, 0.6421274950262159, 0.4375678503420204, 0.5737653849646449, 0.8793213879689574, 0.5709918644279242, 0.8613475563470274, 0.6236231033690274, 0.8971648043952882, 0.39805723377503455, 0.5330574349500239, 0.06984116835519671, 0.3371553258039057, 0.10307880188338459, 0.5031939658802003, 0.9555402044206858, 0.2893552992027253, 0.09939591982401907, 0.7010287477169186, 0.8597520629409701, 0.9177710278891027, 0.22794766002334654, 0.3143650635611266, 0.7680283279623836, 0.1552652285899967, 0.3497910664882511, 0.3311040785629302, 0.15655263769440353, 0.9332317789085209, 0.8721406473778188, 0.054724544286727905, 0.29717285139486194, 0.7203574341256171, 0.003068068064749241, 0.9706656371708959, 0.2504225305747241, 0.9583920347504318, 0.4382265459280461, 0.7035720509011298, 0.6058648093603551, 0.05781101016327739, 0.328390167793259, 0.18261020607315004, 0.03486093180254102, 0.2883865684270859, 0.1698512970469892, 0.3014437658712268, 0.2601999160833657, 0.3410097165033221, 0.20388914737850428, 0.3394517053384334, 0.7775396746583283, 0.7854742172639817, 0.49523771298117936, 0.3633287230040878, 0.4134280513972044, 0.9577637559268624, 0.7521996179129928, 0.43775823479518294, 0.05917267198674381, 0.39056901494041085, 0.6182408910244703, 0.3549657429102808, 0.10510011669248343, 0.8248166830744594, 0.9051565215922892, 0.3181809256784618, 0.6692960276268423, 0.8901877889875323, 0.9983224393799901, 0.3646143521182239, 0.3456369920168072, 0.16524239676073194, 0.6346946994308382, 0.7227442956063896, 0.3963634571991861, 0.2084760288707912, 0.7024852603208274, 0.6618481688201427, 0.9082664214074612, 0.2424719559494406, 0.6374995242804289, 0.9877462743315846, 0.7984448422212154, 0.45923588005825877, 0.7021480740513653, 0.15498031326569617, 0.7036894785705954, 0.14780522976070642, 0.6879459421616048, 0.6617558444850147, 0.19366643740795553, 0.599503954872489, 0.5053099661599845, 0.01617969386279583, 0.5548945022746921, 0.5211611744016409, 0.4121334431692958, 0.13309014542028308, 0.31574480212293565, 0.12498716544359922, 0.3246849328279495, 0.9387320710811764, 0.5404786239378154, 0.14993523014709353, 0.16627612453885376, 0.45538618438877165, 0.7457746872678399, 0.6280180383473635, 0.4476762164849788, 0.6817908566445112, 0.04621832584962249, 0.9718966474756598, 0.9127806071192026, 0.004112166352570057, 0.1910835448652506, 0.759153779828921, 0.5220309300348163, 0.7725348258391023, 0.24515963904559612, 0.3949878183193505, 0.07318951864726841, 0.17642388748936355, 0.8639029033947736, 0.8292236025445163, 0.4937825717497617, 0.8565405302215368, 0.2181070011574775, 0.4408453060314059, 0.15549478423781693, 0.27533220988698304, 0.849988573230803, 0.8924890146590769, 0.20071099954657257, 0.9639788318891078, 0.6325673151295632, 0.4909957842901349, 0.3555229902267456, 0.8822217008564621, 0.18951737531460822, 0.7289377104025334, 0.3706664736382663, 0.429320078343153, 0.920189849101007, 0.4181803921237588, 0.8183332744520158, 0.1317198765464127, 0.7680493190418929, 0.9010378036182374, 0.057246005861088634, 0.1321416215505451, 0.6418981326278299, 0.7681939629837871, 0.6344979251734912, 0.7527716280892491, 0.5654205868486315, 0.7241306996438652, 0.6744418668095022, 0.21329320291988552, 0.5450715199112892, 0.9530070838518441, 0.5501221853774041, 0.5180444852449, 0.6037378651089966, 0.9085257996339351, 0.9782699532806873, 0.239462086930871, 0.5571733810938895, 0.21454902738332748, 0.3746567133348435, 0.8992999352049083, 0.264449279056862, 0.47231897967867553, 0.7136917703319341, 0.6167678791098297, 0.010746757499873638, 0.9446993314195424, 0.49671689653769135, 0.43085139035247266, 0.11371586262248456, 0.7389847305603325, 0.47034983709454536, 0.28152064979076385, 0.9011730547063053, 0.9870438198558986, 0.2744963651057333, 0.7311226993333548, 0.6942464369349182, 0.9163773620966822, 0.4793555031064898, 0.3281857033725828, 0.049104382982477546, 0.19060332397930324, 0.2295016571879387, 0.9335043809842318, 0.7823248917702585, 0.5180627531372011, 0.5758110717870295, 0.526791829848662, 0.012693552765995264, 0.5276122966315597, 0.33704951335676014, 0.9332450611982495, 0.24456940684467554, 0.19465204770676792, 0.839936813339591, 0.6380642948206514, 0.402504961239174, 0.27602591714821756, 0.8092808697838336, 0.9601251650601625, 0.8868810227140784, 0.27148069720715284, 0.8003614149056375, 0.4259237383957952, 0.8854842227883637, 0.28838691324926913, 0.6176721365191042, 0.2659254733007401, 0.5957512350287288, 0.6019585088361055, 0.16802176204510033, 0.1122905588708818, 0.4794644466601312, 0.9711491854395717, 0.7475552670657635, 0.4262236168142408, 0.11913179489783943, 0.8515201585832983, 0.8566088476218283, 0.2729627857916057, 0.7862363320309669, 0.3113943508360535, 0.4166585362982005, 0.9806715946178883], "x": [2.778584490297362, 2.7571107705589384, 2.7669755180832, 2.4359389550518245, 2.2218771998304874, 2.7197430196683854, 2.7701564938761294, 2.2783366080839187, 2.3511473014950752, 2.5877174988854676, 2.396197216818109, 2.3980831406079233, 2.4803507067263126, 2.664334065746516, 2.649959478992969, 2.647428606171161, 2.989736947696656, 2.6222127627115697, 2.996072929352522, 2.834574017673731, 2.13891129870899, 2.5768432789482176, 2.4138836450874805, 2.170267972163856, 2.0575549106579274, 2.52678615716286, 2.02952075866051, 2.22689473698847, 2.795981842558831, 2.626000580145046, 2.7654121927917004, 2.5620868934784085, 2.422127153724432, 2.5431050723418593, 2.1558980070985854, 2.682438286021352, 2.575681694317609, 2.091908511472866, 2.7325312176253647, 2.4067197926342487, 2.572335759177804, 2.280107578728348, 2.7583417787682265, 2.529779117088765, 2.9464175382163376, 2.9458070297259837, 2.712405587779358, 2.9518305228557438, 2.496991185704246, 2.0964263058267534, 2.1788710539694875, 2.2420625903178006, 2.8445142668206245, 2.492749070515856, 2.404959150357172, 2.365853735478595, 2.8336578011512756, 2.2664410488214344, 2.1229740565177053, 2.1369208137039095, 2.3085312978364527, 2.717263797763735, 2.110981995007023, 2.1380972201004624, 2.6911483656149358, 2.2648404252249748, 2.13586609181948, 2.0319318606052548, 2.1942013185471296, 2.4139758211094886, 2.7824359389487654, 2.34703289414756, 2.278286278480664, 2.5205761566758156, 2.6903698567766696, 2.293517940444872, 2.4097721020225435, 2.8781899434980005, 2.6000488265417516, 2.3016114686615765, 2.611985712312162, 2.081368690356612, 2.9984063329175115, 2.6038282609079033, 2.833916048053652, 2.2261447196360677, 2.558052845997736, 2.4294085919391364, 2.736144782975316, 2.257103161420673, 2.6805060922633857, 2.823806413449347, 2.9065930261276662, 2.5206536951009184, 2.5551678617484868, 2.9563560537062585, 2.495784274302423, 2.289939022855833, 2.2018490922637284, 2.922738451976329, 2.6893015222158283, 2.3630858473479748, 2.6634205100126565, 2.837343975668773, 2.801547244656831, 2.099576547043398, 2.5244354945607483, 2.367148344172165, 2.1957448325119913, 2.45035617495887, 2.1480941257905215, 2.5752969556488097, 2.7260606710333377, 2.125475953798741, 2.674006840912625, 2.4829627571161836, 2.6965356790460646, 2.081117636989802, 2.8909913348034024, 2.1119880066253245, 2.318734912201762, 2.0566689202096313, 2.638185960939154, 2.354898293269798, 2.4848904062528163, 2.911764688557014, 2.0126971972640604, 2.333131900988519, 2.1134530517738312, 2.845438668038696, 2.5913074272684753, 2.7068364636506885, 2.671610860619694, 2.2150992383249104, 2.8692378939595073, 2.3139469667803496, 2.100514926481992, 2.8738602546509355, 2.2775247951503843, 2.3946046631317586, 2.497343796538189, 2.182965536369011, 2.467747534625232, 2.578355044592172, 2.3585425338242203, 2.3098616644274443, 2.8969208349008113, 2.934892487246543, 2.7868999482598156, 2.989108471898362, 2.591900940053165, 2.366764144273475, 2.526854529045522, 2.1390678144525737, 2.6391150122508407, 2.7171292293351144, 2.8553501069545746, 2.26986489421688, 2.181217181496322, 2.483896680176258, 2.485782539937645, 2.079426053678617, 2.4092758500482887, 2.919694827636704, 2.7685741749592125, 2.7919369018636644, 2.608953454066068, 2.218467694008723, 2.8523629989940673, 2.6077799883205444, 2.9983569174073637, 2.9955398244783282, 2.7660597851499915, 2.498447481309995, 2.852182269562036, 2.4899040479213, 2.1985889382194728, 2.6136399230454117, 2.587833343539387, 2.2556369120720774, 2.6912145391106606, 2.761967317201197, 2.633452035486698, 2.692143295193091, 2.524829943664372, 2.7270446396432817, 2.9719152415636927, 2.3159667688887566, 2.7041444052010775, 2.017576083308086, 2.373843441484496, 2.2482597900088876, 2.726248861523345, 2.2209619304630905, 2.2243423683103174, 2.2652230493258685, 2.7520133221987635, 2.2267273124307394, 2.1123931172769517, 2.056165225338191, 2.935216790996492, 2.8670560989994556, 2.2229993466753513, 2.9817256450187415, 2.6986306936014444, 2.0618545725010335, 2.8655456721317023, 2.27642970578745, 2.0650020837783813, 2.1162936240434647, 2.646131171612069, 2.4438018708024174, 2.1292912447825074, 2.1918380334973335, 2.7042737959418446, 2.963807106949389, 2.781802911311388, 2.0203296155668795, 2.807389487279579, 2.0323874256573617, 2.6132928172592074, 2.737081673229113, 2.4169184889178723, 2.543308394961059, 2.2061329886782914, 2.9825198748148978, 2.6197385357227176, 2.0773315022233874, 2.2689002486877143, 2.612016573548317, 2.0964338809717447, 2.4088496887125075, 2.0203860222827643, 2.579705806914717, 2.4898922264110297, 2.0554055811371654, 2.9081630606669933, 2.1782564856112003, 2.7593812679406255, 2.3161781076341867, 2.9995031119324267, 2.0355468597263098, 2.723161478759721, 2.814566622953862, 2.3385325828567147, 2.926147737307474, 2.7456582880113274, 2.1017488238867372, 2.2745426204055548, 2.2234110485296696, 2.8900487625505775, 2.4748915676027536, 2.19143757247366, 2.3346604299731553, 2.7875139901880175, 2.1917128905188292, 2.6138705459889024, 2.7344513356219977, 2.2204437432810664, 2.420542520005256, 2.925209492444992, 2.4098939592950046, 2.8653060109354556, 2.0230190900620073, 2.234764396212995, 2.735428395681083, 2.573512385133654, 2.6162786392960697, 2.9351382877212018, 2.0392961103934795, 2.6343998187221587, 2.024301213910803, 2.117890945635736, 2.1172839927021414, 2.136760327965021, 2.2943344877567142, 2.6383635071106255, 2.9591255399864167, 2.1678214063867927, 2.5305998877156526, 2.726989877410233, 2.5488202401902527, 2.6140837222337723, 2.917695253621787, 2.739459451753646, 2.913422327488661, 2.039117959793657, 2.427970150951296, 2.326890684198588, 2.918823176063597, 2.1528629576787353, 2.477372254477814, 2.160462677013129, 2.139743509469554, 2.2493216171860695, 2.013385756406933, 2.9972372176125646, 2.6701361432205886, 2.7758111890871078, 2.0275644983630627, 2.6256524911150336, 2.5028167080599815, 2.4690070571377873, 2.969525752356276, 2.262915995437652, 2.880422763293609, 2.5333461235277355, 2.2602770815137774, 2.2250712492968887, 2.9957755689974874, 2.1443987395614386, 2.7266712395939976, 2.4580971584655344, 2.956629609456286, 2.445604504784569, 2.6364622032269835, 2.5287906154990196, 2.6995710749179125, 2.55898548476398, 2.5549048301763833, 2.8097727114800364, 2.397743567591533, 2.3649530282709748, 2.83311437536031, 2.237288558622822, 2.7206546349916607, 2.1781246478203684, 2.1902136977296323, 2.104764830553904, 2.77267953613773, 2.9892704407684505, 2.166664546355605, 2.027409044560045, 2.2019445006735623, 2.960025708191097, 2.8085260749794543, 2.975973467109725, 2.776030224515125, 2.7307885012123734, 2.229443052317947, 2.7547683734446764, 2.1019912152551115, 2.443811252247542, 2.216420074691996, 2.6234188745729625, 2.991136444732547, 2.4724196321330965, 2.6387869480531663, 2.4503009510226548, 2.9577053806278855, 2.9760324514936656, 2.2908414541743696, 2.3314026687294245, 2.3074316824786365, 2.7398902592249215, 2.231448959792033, 2.3611654725391418, 2.117054473841563, 2.352272736141458, 2.9771885226946324, 2.670026510953903, 2.6456851945258677, 2.7245330561418086, 2.9150591725483537, 2.540733201429248, 2.650271787540987, 2.9161341099534184, 2.391525918385014, 2.1816626444924623, 2.7473832743708044, 2.7250315418932587, 2.5867535828147084, 2.295411945786327, 2.7091118583921343, 2.2157478576991707, 2.0791071373969316, 2.7143431450240314, 2.3078197934664786, 2.871627383865416, 2.646556334802881, 2.4912082080263644, 2.80710675008595, 2.629510552622378, 2.6273136334493756, 2.977813644800335, 2.3409875489305705, 2.347347696311772, 2.3147028386592865, 2.215377202956006, 2.8746495032683015, 2.911805408773944, 2.4679995900951326, 2.790884490823373, 2.250797562301159, 2.714693825924769, 2.1427777854260057, 2.3405212997458875, 2.7382390340790153, 2.236672429833561, 2.6828172635287046, 2.9996456201188266, 2.86890689143911, 2.8570904131047428, 2.492914205417037, 2.208377866772935, 2.7497585106175393, 2.6715029312763363, 2.407641044817865, 2.246419242816046, 2.3869911439251155, 2.986487306887284, 2.194997486891225, 2.274973106337711, 2.412035372806713, 2.3279619961977005, 2.22879853611812, 2.198303831741214, 2.6201551728881896, 2.180497704539448, 2.7022190883290023, 2.861520500155166, 2.984408270800486, 2.4584496549796313, 2.212639301083982, 2.9457161431200802, 2.9371294083539397, 2.719696488697082, 2.889038191642612, 2.537155414232984, 2.242576569551602, 2.2315804560203105, 2.031920315697789, 2.5183652823325247, 2.3956753788515925, 2.6905088569037616, 2.195959744974971, 2.4606549558229744, 2.4883101189043373, 2.0545020098797977, 2.5416345736011863, 2.0398134640417993, 2.836245388025418, 2.34224320249632, 2.6194277743343264, 2.7284840154461563, 2.8635165023151785, 2.3553386270068586, 2.1821624860167503, 2.0813425260130316, 2.9961542387027293, 2.471646576654166, 2.6949189647566527, 2.275327774230391, 2.6016839270014316, 2.1339973909780383, 2.2422248942311853, 2.3054027215112, 2.169785299571231, 2.7027141477447003, 2.041852292139083, 2.0693373496178538, 2.104737416142598, 2.7803141337353736, 2.8464487947057933, 2.136573809431866, 2.048830457031727, 2.6850500209257007, 2.4691021842882037, 2.989750636043027, 2.5440420168451965, 2.3223799960687757, 2.634890402201563, 2.5705829721409827, 2.340075814863667, 2.5492782914079726, 2.9894937986973673, 2.4252560932654887, 2.9553342461586, 2.23248407850042, 2.7745964685454965, 2.8417489752173424, 2.55929047241807, 2.7521438577678055, 2.057315665995702, 2.021878987783566, 2.6033898640889674, 2.0948240992147475, 2.747660886263475, 2.4019185507204384, 2.7214574702084064, 2.252860906533897, 2.6520662358962, 2.7084972134325653, 2.8460685973986983, 2.3507430541794747, 2.5704425463918597, 2.094937956193462, 2.3842808748595417, 2.218852687161416, 2.022430792450905, 2.300352982012555, 2.322404425125569, 2.129934645490721, 2.4793031762819737, 2.0858196071349084, 2.836177818244323, 2.5374074683059007, 2.572118576616049, 2.5893785539083183, 2.9922442892566323, 2.534277451923117, 2.149499061750248, 2.058077675756067, 2.654313298407942, 2.86115924292244, 2.339756532339379, 2.4981401313561946, 2.9126110021024942, 2.6744410230312496, 2.173959137639031, 2.007834452902898, 2.1396787820849568, 2.8976579813752323, 2.39233908848837, 2.1791794458404183, 2.017860043561086, 2.569123806897551, 2.276573456590995, 2.1966674625873566, 2.7108646384440362, 2.365501224528998, 2.3496525501832366, 2.9444597030524164, 2.4820575173944235, 2.196724229492247, 2.5263863811269403, 2.113078060792759, 2.1302446427289397, 2.8619819353334606, 2.0329387031961232, 2.9570540436543524, 2.4469851723406464, 2.6714582168497145, 2.391012250678614, 2.5126189570873976, 2.0427472731098533, 2.367749535711482, 2.16597819654271, 2.8343552560545504, 2.7042578274849802, 2.13102163025178, 2.7865835656411946, 2.701791206607595, 2.2691154202912003, 2.1071596504189074, 2.3479374202433974, 2.389777735574171, 2.406031935941428, 2.1403821313288063, 2.994755850872025, 2.804353434359655, 2.0478181978687644, 2.9940367655362934, 2.64350667106919, 2.7840819892007858, 2.407576001016423, 2.2086864809971303, 2.618475446011871, 2.9935984413605183, 2.2257163878530264, 2.0687045238446444, 2.9276696152519435, 2.1566534261219203, 2.2312740148045123, 2.6087294954340905, 2.7555659161880612, 2.7036010371521115, 2.8773633940145373, 2.0096342619508505, 2.3560152212157845, 2.5815014948602766, 2.8037244002334774, 2.1946671358309686, 2.5314329378306866, 2.3792648955713958, 2.4496326136868447, 2.055462036980316, 2.7031048035714775, 2.1996334770228714, 2.6121866723988205, 2.811130893183872, 2.270977455191314, 2.048217073082924, 2.3143176389858127, 2.703270633239299, 2.9430506420321763, 2.1924356918316334, 2.0716539167333394, 2.0681557685602456, 2.254759637871757, 2.204120288370177, 2.150138507131487, 2.93802575673908, 2.2977341224905103, 2.1828498151153326, 2.348993848776445, 2.73374518728815, 2.120125603163615, 2.797499175881967, 2.449621718376875, 2.6562499643769115, 2.0667651374824345, 2.6186248948797584, 2.803776897955686, 2.890342106577009, 2.8845979108009487, 2.967273570597172, 2.2541428939439356, 2.0134176162537187, 2.653465898009017, 2.92846313980408, 2.681974584935233, 2.540699863107875, 2.273474912159145, 2.506565668853, 2.3164327077101916, 2.8618137792218477, 2.2622429446782917, 2.0765775421168655, 2.375466991914436, 2.3356399300973862, 2.31944244238548, 2.307716545648873, 2.264155164361, 2.9392618786077946, 2.7979690046049654, 2.727191529236734, 2.9234228015411645, 2.391513099661097, 2.943021747749299, 2.713870303472504, 2.1550835454836488, 2.050086706178263, 2.4674563384614885, 2.384369312087074, 2.5283972187899053, 2.335150108439848, 2.6194558036513627, 2.376707875635475, 2.873222454683855, 2.2713786375243217, 2.329204199835658, 2.7543663543183357, 2.0037292083725333, 2.7037776224315166, 2.909755871165544, 2.217180735897273, 2.323294762754813, 2.9595176575239748, 2.5249961458612233, 2.4677052011247724, 2.8034441026393324, 2.86621234822087, 2.1751251313835382, 2.0359512264840305, 2.298285476397723, 2.276961135910824, 2.9272623430006206, 2.0557034492958337, 2.6760462482925504, 2.790710781002417, 2.46737053967081, 2.40651566372253, 2.806068466976285, 2.3640166705008596, 2.0425550418440253, 2.1138732661493123, 2.683105847099796, 2.1530429909471422, 2.324350048555061, 2.3480875943787396, 2.3131495653651655, 2.2344500373583287, 2.705712562194094, 2.3576558073982596, 2.5517672013957053, 2.531603390350938, 2.5364486693870276, 2.69142379402183, 2.6525535783730447, 2.426916253287345, 2.3579161455854774, 2.878712738165632, 2.076796861598268, 2.360240580746904, 2.836895459331572, 2.01074864086695, 2.363759128609672, 2.7489232213702053, 2.174884372157976, 2.94495258317329, 2.1295478984247893, 2.310844855150208, 2.656171042006463, 2.6984044786076993, 2.122399833984673, 2.191901459824294, 2.2703806343488395, 2.8007282349281013, 2.114989770576358, 2.3448004897218198, 2.62495828862302, 2.329077621921897, 2.8521289562340826, 2.1020065227057785, 2.5968891638331115, 2.095847722608596, 2.657308890251443, 2.7824718025512993, 2.828576162457466, 2.073159608989954, 2.0403481097891927, 2.4512579005677253, 2.4429094535298645, 2.496240937151015, 2.921463638311252, 2.697664976119995, 2.0653430582024157, 2.5791593121830374, 2.18918890459463, 2.3226848335471004, 2.44841203186661, 2.338297793874517, 2.125273869605735, 2.085916216019541, 2.646413933020085, 2.621962416684255, 2.4927064266521484, 2.3167410877067596, 2.1889603172894567, 2.450257849181071, 2.6339146103709936, 2.231245692120865, 2.959046707255766, 2.3519325708039105, 2.1503545180894434, 2.8067815247923136, 2.130001875339076, 2.1293999787885696, 2.6467244343366474, 2.468200483592227, 2.0448175915516913, 2.6232183226384223, 2.8359399328473955, 2.0111148590222, 2.8511058702133596, 2.5684349783696234, 2.697959237964824, 2.2172225860413164, 2.3302070666104555, 2.3004698015283793, 2.5403376531321555, 2.666255165124312, 2.2849746854044497, 2.258597154635936, 2.6387208497617394, 2.843697010539472, 2.725937909213826, 2.843937511788681, 2.684373570140451, 2.206549189053476, 2.3366631262470037, 2.202129094861448, 2.4360197910573334, 2.58251527370885, 2.9621625633444637, 2.949012120719999, 2.1736049649771303, 2.788086207350716, 2.317759386729449, 2.081750390585512, 2.260691876290366, 2.530779612250626, 2.7213010294362903, 2.4079379255417734, 2.1533361037727445, 2.9288391752634197, 2.9944685492664576, 2.5337940237950534, 2.4355319426395, 2.939106233417988, 2.6469483873806894, 2.8538299766369164, 2.247548184124753, 2.9429822703823447, 2.2985923669766635, 2.8118388326838613, 2.3965820039156824, 2.1823547538369894, 2.7470800869632512, 2.898084202548489, 2.4844443707261235, 2.5638128032442182, 2.138473984785378, 2.8190103946253657, 2.729639758123085, 2.8426087310072035, 2.950879108393565, 2.741843757685274, 2.54052765481174, 2.2085280783940107, 2.5083827963098884, 2.4281267197802663, 2.703413757029921, 2.3837790021207184, 2.7496541594155133, 2.9588259134907275, 2.927732505602762, 2.168095647590235, 2.4596782599110156, 2.355510326800868, 2.6489261905662715, 2.84675535466522, 2.9905963495839387, 2.208011398324743, 2.1008629600983113, 2.0676014963537455, 2.5649329791776836, 2.738438129192218, 2.00626660999842, 2.9284800053574145, 2.6074276494327933, 2.7407524907030165, 2.2139957565814257, 2.4777528282720596, 2.575824986444786, 2.063696244498715, 2.0339420209638774, 2.5684532010927796, 2.6601588188204914, 2.1691976247821003, 2.7569117315579206, 2.1695346105843782, 2.720039125531912, 2.917656082427129, 2.604761350201443, 2.867572120158002, 2.118067538132891, 2.090486445231363, 2.4351920017506927, 2.3929754726123065, 2.5658034407533705, 2.143204434774816, 2.9961758367717266, 2.3334479134064168, 2.177179095102474, 2.421185016166419, 2.6961468041408807, 2.58668894902803, 2.7668277099728584, 2.492796015692875, 2.2170148734003305, 2.3169079339131713, 2.2961509835440665, 2.928820470813662, 2.064894847339019, 2.2279328028671443, 2.479707530932501, 2.650443227495998, 2.5453366378787905, 2.707574631087482, 2.3299422392155975, 2.5076273465529084, 2.592118058586493, 2.4716260430868715, 2.980774790979922, 2.6681189946830273, 2.2683908625040203, 2.675474957562983, 2.1278993890155107, 2.694534453796223, 2.0645428961142898, 2.991147244349122, 2.7149935732595623, 2.312017073156312, 2.9077848163433373, 2.297571296337992, 2.7974206388462335, 2.8751831345725805, 2.3758099793922156, 2.388011734234169, 2.501060338690877, 2.1456171749159694, 2.288950936635956, 2.510242937132716, 2.4003824542742223, 2.8584813373163342, 2.3012811185326427, 2.048891519429162, 2.59250750252977, 2.456784228561446, 2.5191075280308723, 2.311314494581893, 2.2381399595178664, 2.047951357671991, 2.011769615113735, 2.866121398517862, 2.761606515618041, 2.0866744194645435, 2.225109017919749, 2.2235604834277183, 2.664838579017669, 2.8189750220626593, 2.5580373911652714, 2.6209171302616596, 2.4352634008973837, 2.2431442704983056, 2.5373630162794143, 2.3679874441586435, 2.9395799946505576, 2.772577588679269, 2.2836845081765205, 2.979068700456992, 2.7740778638981283, 2.071306075435132, 2.3122377055697143, 2.8648381298407912, 2.7434484695550054, 2.438709889072925, 2.7306929694022983, 2.8587376116774976, 2.211096934042871, 2.3846548630390316, 2.9013924517203122, 2.813937706872821, 2.875592510215938, 2.4779898633714765, 2.1963101767469198, 2.831968282116577, 2.286924413172528, 2.3473115956876427, 2.884491546312347, 2.498167915502563, 2.2934370927978307, 2.8752709284890443, 2.91466396371834, 2.542938317870721, 2.92506110179238, 2.5862633192446083, 2.2642751559615135, 2.1178900389932096, 2.8620678554289043, 2.818668899126351, 2.4056424719747156, 2.247888520359993, 2.183877436676994, 2.419203695608303, 2.2356043758336455, 2.6912410382647067, 2.20735028013587, 2.923583551077172, 2.2089990777894855, 2.8258075101766735, 2.92374738981016, 2.09116803528741, 2.610369067173451, 2.25319759757258, 2.2816553190350533, 2.501009828876704, 2.1812609788030386, 2.307336827972904, 2.8643774604424834, 2.3352962359786034, 2.5346921065356582, 2.1444846489466727, 2.9656905378215015, 2.817727573448792, 2.766179376281798, 2.5432980027981102, 2.0393936263862997, 2.783561273245141, 2.4300550930202007, 2.171035486506298, 2.1985050241928548, 2.666682568844408, 2.361009051790461, 2.1734014274552464, 2.1235752678476274, 2.5242335670627654, 2.8539008849766105, 2.826785522978753, 2.2356613834854215, 2.8589514140039682, 2.52651818562299, 2.129775926936418, 2.1634794215206057, 2.1545196366496384, 2.239074554061517, 2.5081186939496547, 2.6903516540769488], "z": [0.3973664913792163, 0.8102293869014829, 0.3587743474636227, 0.5567527355160564, 0.19132071593776345, 0.697750894818455, 0.3478814393747598, 0.08434223895892501, 0.18564085219986737, 0.7436530122067779, 0.21674256538972259, 0.6181951509788632, 0.2194554137531668, 0.8758336098399013, 0.5387685059104115, 0.1697485251352191, 0.038271307945251465, 0.5965081269387156, 0.1998137386981398, 0.6658422539476305, 0.5107930104713887, 0.7916759727522731, 0.5117909617256373, 0.5842705473769456, 0.3971960167400539, 0.7867421472910792, 0.15952733997255564, 0.5691177658736706, 0.9824966371525079, 0.17213679966516793, 0.440710622118786, 0.05242374702356756, 0.867568141547963, 0.7163969408720732, 0.9565284585114568, 0.46628811373375356, 0.08028928632847965, 0.02852085535414517, 0.14108354365453124, 0.8577367078978568, 0.9537970898672938, 0.6235935075674206, 0.5566284041851759, 0.9550209622830153, 0.14460927876643836, 0.7555985213257372, 0.3238160698674619, 0.9759560669772327, 0.037821039790287614, 0.818341706180945, 0.8042689897119999, 0.4912565681152046, 0.6351637779735029, 0.13779043243266642, 0.7891680563334376, 0.20548343216069043, 0.6418887830805033, 0.7765013677999377, 0.38558516441844404, 0.07645813398994505, 0.8901689280755818, 0.11260968795977533, 0.10425026528537273, 0.8952733119949698, 0.31134768947958946, 0.08190413983538747, 0.12868984485976398, 0.7737755505368114, 0.7142101121135056, 0.8987623008433729, 0.7865187567658722, 0.7999591319821775, 0.0021363398991525173, 0.3762453403323889, 0.9103300462011248, 0.03487639548256993, 0.029747542459517717, 0.06749528087675571, 0.3279973864555359, 0.22772173304110765, 0.8659058599732816, 0.9121355772949755, 0.8423401371110231, 0.5158025184646249, 0.14300145651213825, 0.41797145549207926, 0.05911848694086075, 0.7717247146647424, 0.3739427486434579, 0.11088114534504712, 0.07773426547646523, 0.5080829348880798, 0.7626227443106472, 0.07109995046630502, 0.07603996666148305, 0.34793567145243287, 0.9200793958734721, 0.5655979192815721, 0.87414008541964, 0.2640945608727634, 0.3486470568459481, 0.1738730736542493, 0.648623978253454, 0.9321478235069662, 0.19125663442537189, 0.5608994448557496, 0.7636115306522697, 0.8891547094099224, 0.26061626663431525, 0.5621434007771313, 0.6799695871304721, 0.9385044679511338, 0.7906730100512505, 0.41593957133591175, 0.006509223720058799, 0.01596784545108676, 0.34836029075086117, 0.41441800561733544, 0.6745224609039724, 0.44991082791239023, 0.7863888579886407, 0.5040189721621573, 0.09519819100387394, 0.2702699704095721, 0.9061450185254216, 0.08194305910728872, 0.5540178359951824, 0.5401585409417748, 0.6290264083072543, 0.8115772912278771, 0.5024030248168856, 0.388052889611572, 0.09717803657986224, 0.4508690810762346, 0.6978232888504863, 0.47102520102635026, 0.7683733906596899, 0.8568597054108977, 0.5118793025612831, 0.15289797261357307, 0.9213635139167309, 0.14906057622283697, 0.6106377015821636, 0.18380649224855006, 0.901205007918179, 0.5539768261369318, 0.27039488055743277, 0.6049568539019674, 0.3973123880568892, 0.6400195627938956, 0.6647763175424188, 0.10156198893673718, 0.027603944996371865, 0.6022577262483537, 0.8250406763982028, 0.26969371549785137, 0.5914179303217679, 0.22071940544992685, 0.5623509355355054, 0.7935932443942875, 0.6960755055770278, 0.17348740971647203, 0.18414150644093752, 0.8898616635706276, 0.09645469393581152, 0.15817803284153342, 0.6968269664794207, 0.5904015700798482, 0.03845525439828634, 0.7004786396864802, 0.8302557927090675, 0.036003969609737396, 0.29195138113573194, 0.5937474719248712, 0.18609066447243094, 0.6936064152978361, 0.5342293649446219, 0.7694476044271141, 0.5200923159718513, 0.1247040294110775, 0.9333718286361545, 0.06106643192470074, 0.8906134786084294, 0.6618245656136423, 0.8006579433567822, 0.3866780826356262, 0.47816542093642056, 0.5027664736844599, 0.5070987697690725, 0.47120528179220855, 0.5838843195233494, 0.26925701065920293, 0.6229618103243411, 0.18300811341032386, 0.740765503840521, 0.8335287547670305, 0.8237972350325435, 0.1640048313420266, 0.31163348257541656, 0.6303118243813515, 0.4844012001994997, 0.2484408663585782, 0.8380306283943355, 0.23616855149157345, 0.9171536485664546, 0.6583967353217304, 0.43871829425916076, 0.054656666005030274, 0.7405309407040477, 0.6814247004222125, 0.27773304749280214, 0.5680493474937975, 0.21847955719567835, 0.2779299081303179, 0.4328209145460278, 0.1639559785835445, 0.6045537311583757, 0.8470955237280577, 0.032748956233263016, 0.8882037294097245, 0.9513321036938578, 0.2926967616658658, 0.7503941613249481, 0.5027102089952677, 0.045257599325850606, 0.08112229430116713, 0.6338269128464162, 0.9766026232391596, 0.7343876457307488, 0.23114634794183075, 0.195694241207093, 0.10815674741752446, 0.6858166249003261, 0.9267407350707799, 0.08915801881812513, 0.7498282610904425, 0.5797381037846208, 0.10879499069415033, 0.4725706996396184, 0.2993115200661123, 0.16746937041170895, 0.4387805487494916, 0.3414357150904834, 0.7701361270155758, 0.12092551519162953, 0.9273878517560661, 0.1877264112699777, 0.27236563456244767, 0.2813739129342139, 0.5530941588804126, 0.7529191693756729, 0.786317978054285, 0.5133292395621538, 0.4848896381445229, 0.7228113722521812, 0.5046885770279914, 0.06294700945727527, 0.7714016365353018, 0.4128590428736061, 0.37118406081572175, 0.4349759155884385, 0.28989041480235755, 0.8395310430787504, 0.5141660573426634, 0.6648564527276903, 0.9824856813065708, 0.2541132625192404, 0.2763897485565394, 0.37621389725245535, 0.28618276258930564, 0.2601207534316927, 0.5455758089665323, 0.40847296942956746, 0.12584422738291323, 0.27603474259376526, 0.3793474454432726, 0.6042215237393975, 0.33766296110115945, 0.1578759455587715, 0.4960303930565715, 0.6324444320052862, 0.6411792074795812, 0.28581188526004553, 0.4669130463153124, 0.7429884457960725, 0.8638516082428396, 0.4454684325028211, 0.07853070367127657, 0.25798959052190185, 0.5194697158876806, 0.44208804168738425, 0.06048802030272782, 0.12750734970904887, 0.16330874431878328, 0.2858041520230472, 0.6879066145047545, 0.5982127145398408, 0.008944883244112134, 0.5708143641240895, 0.6157466892618686, 0.04100755718536675, 0.006401224760338664, 0.11420292849652469, 0.8374067679978907, 0.5024481134023517, 0.31661173654720187, 0.3038949684705585, 0.9136599670164287, 0.9569504698738456, 0.8774738581851125, 0.8398822606541216, 0.07565768482163548, 0.14983186009339988, 0.19693390792235732, 0.10132521414197981, 0.26723785581998527, 0.060269591165706515, 0.1108876345679164, 0.5149486523587257, 0.8805606085807085, 0.2548243144992739, 0.469388221623376, 0.2994189306627959, 0.008235730463638902, 0.06597969541326165, 0.21661212458275259, 0.29908382846042514, 0.9711083993315697, 0.7331785573624074, 0.9422088365536183, 0.3837346106301993, 0.9885897072963417, 0.8292549669276923, 0.7672454251442105, 0.0599923946429044, 0.12790484027937055, 0.08002346311695874, 0.587509204633534, 0.010487985564395785, 0.7907787563744932, 0.3402381273917854, 0.05468922993168235, 0.6668223761953413, 0.8192381458356977, 0.6317630796693265, 0.013983286684378982, 0.7681714415084571, 0.10555856465362012, 0.0798468952998519, 0.010324067901819944, 0.8020590995438397, 0.4917332238983363, 0.28599703777581453, 0.8032306008972228, 0.9080056312959641, 0.6953201862052083, 0.40494995354674757, 0.9414615002460778, 0.7558381021954119, 0.5117075270973146, 0.36847214912995696, 0.4270237067248672, 0.6102947483304888, 0.05385110015049577, 0.37242991011589766, 0.5781800542026758, 0.6351294454652816, 0.793230299372226, 0.3710332941263914, 0.15644462243653834, 0.838080438086763, 0.30502582620829344, 0.5640660808421671, 0.26406436087563634, 0.8334587095305324, 0.8322982292156667, 0.5213063089177012, 0.9152089220006019, 0.0623068087734282, 0.2307040949817747, 0.683822950348258, 0.05484511610120535, 0.8025235771201551, 0.8615431191865355, 0.1891507050022483, 0.04794104187749326, 0.036514836829155684, 0.5791230874601752, 0.9466518091503531, 0.4302766176406294, 0.11317181773483753, 0.8847597532439977, 0.9790346489753574, 0.05485140811651945, 0.7045054947957397, 0.3800024390220642, 0.05972713581286371, 0.9127124133519828, 0.2801031288690865, 0.6282742745243013, 0.8206371942069381, 0.31428977963514626, 0.2547932618763298, 0.39825760619714856, 0.4017441305331886, 0.1335714899469167, 0.8390426384285092, 0.6010990322101861, 0.49285840010270476, 0.030683017568662763, 0.21694694529287517, 0.16042586998082697, 0.9633118757046759, 0.8808131599798799, 0.9904317313339561, 0.36508210003376007, 0.01208422682248056, 0.058317011687904596, 0.22499188175424933, 0.9252788913436234, 0.6485263612121344, 0.8793380474671721, 0.8568534140940756, 0.9355262753088027, 0.4669962120242417, 0.6184443782549351, 0.9352379099000245, 0.4451931838411838, 0.3331719196867198, 0.8921245108358562, 0.012484373524785042, 0.33556278934702277, 0.9358114041388035, 0.1332530544605106, 0.3914433610625565, 0.2601276314817369, 0.0033111274242401123, 0.5772480934392661, 0.0039057028479874134, 0.24508186127059162, 0.1425170407164842, 0.2524944127071649, 0.6053304856177419, 0.985874802339822, 0.08940049237571657, 0.402795352274552, 0.14338772068731487, 0.3550639785826206, 0.4854527849238366, 0.9709458411671221, 0.5272634148132056, 0.08658503275364637, 0.1551189525052905, 0.5523486963938922, 0.4150310982950032, 0.8711582750547677, 0.46508314553648233, 0.06901935045607388, 0.2980928716715425, 0.8617008125875145, 0.8880535708740354, 0.5327868128661066, 0.5375666804611683, 0.5912037093658, 0.16016102745197713, 0.1611227705143392, 0.5458193242084235, 0.9925126943271607, 0.028694766806438565, 0.06347871106117964, 0.06079529202543199, 0.6753750122152269, 0.8780081116128713, 0.2254085971508175, 0.41551764449104667, 0.40303181973285973, 0.31473545264452696, 0.5408771822694689, 0.4839859730564058, 0.3435974901076406, 0.2650384441949427, 0.8719430260825902, 0.011960671981796622, 0.09514214866794646, 0.6430896655656397, 0.3094567316584289, 0.24669060786254704, 0.6302446438930929, 0.12419515056535602, 0.9951905105262995, 0.4774674982763827, 0.6581645281985402, 0.31004355079494417, 0.9769048129674047, 0.8017435551155359, 0.8744371738284826, 0.31514347181655467, 0.3337658999953419, 0.040796272456645966, 0.2352013923227787, 0.19788978877477348, 0.6191982496529818, 0.7173595321364701, 0.47657165909186006, 0.21927123120985925, 0.6442923438735306, 0.9071836799848825, 0.39682845724746585, 0.753654004773125, 0.49895081063732505, 0.5401182060595602, 0.9705581068992615, 0.5853541786782444, 0.35995467635802925, 0.22417204407975078, 0.5874455966986716, 0.4292301875539124, 0.26308456575497985, 0.4412892456166446, 0.26117720548063517, 0.8098580376245081, 0.185463881585747, 0.8067776542156935, 0.04428872116841376, 0.9295881323050708, 0.44597082072868943, 0.5265277959406376, 0.5845941405277699, 0.6825982062146068, 0.3682397271040827, 0.285429802024737, 0.09590272372588515, 0.16486845654435456, 0.09330812492407858, 0.8830172640737146, 0.260501540498808, 0.6617196295410395, 0.5167867408599705, 0.1769246079493314, 0.08134193508885801, 0.9012982244603336, 0.7221233542077243, 0.28409246262162924, 0.07157921465113759, 0.6968865604139864, 0.784144222503528, 0.053841641871258616, 0.9617049260996282, 0.8827278532553464, 0.03752633836120367, 0.65319654927589, 0.20893836114555597, 0.0017876713536679745, 0.7084884408395737, 0.4793268255889416, 0.6599608852993697, 0.7184178393799812, 0.6341875302605331, 0.1118541662581265, 0.2348587461747229, 0.3838806932326406, 0.3432558444328606, 0.5270736669190228, 0.4081952611450106, 0.3519047317095101, 0.9267947049811482, 0.7041002896148711, 0.6341754579916596, 0.41839595255441964, 0.908088268013671, 0.2605637286324054, 0.5326232647057623, 0.23784034699201584, 0.09761518752202392, 0.5617293028626591, 0.4906646702438593, 0.12262050062417984, 0.9061216285917908, 0.8106105693150312, 0.20057421713136137, 0.06252957927063107, 0.03976547531783581, 0.9989483221434057, 0.8703453515190631, 0.9428446805104613, 0.4535513271111995, 0.8455880130641162, 0.07953147171065211, 0.639845396624878, 0.21057530376128852, 0.6807374279014766, 0.27414435357786715, 0.4919719349127263, 0.6346963162068278, 0.30668039387091994, 0.6919685143511742, 0.9186911475844681, 0.6612129544373602, 0.8467545656021684, 0.5603075150866061, 0.5406383213121444, 0.7527848344761878, 0.40160731482319534, 0.8970947056077421, 0.21165361488237977, 0.472567874006927, 0.5534870862029493, 0.11423499207012355, 0.35460563842207193, 0.04477575235068798, 0.7976226147729903, 0.9992535966448486, 0.15347790159285069, 0.2849926664493978, 0.004328942624852061, 0.8464252362027764, 0.14964212151244283, 0.009057680144906044, 0.7216531571466476, 0.23182557243853807, 0.7837777649983764, 0.9958907768595964, 0.45009318948723376, 0.6379139577038586, 0.45729902712628245, 0.20676275622099638, 0.34885928337462246, 0.08955946285277605, 0.7519912873394787, 0.08289982937276363, 0.8457706738263369, 0.29895586357451975, 0.17935288045555353, 0.3436734741553664, 0.9228245718404651, 0.33742283075116575, 0.1643165540881455, 0.10215931781567633, 0.17514091660268605, 0.7613877640105784, 0.15840460313484073, 0.21696785860694945, 0.979564294219017, 0.07924338360317051, 0.29854242061264813, 0.7676573330536485, 0.5853843500372022, 0.5119746054988354, 0.2870059213601053, 0.5671927335206419, 0.9405650380067527, 0.9530377206392586, 0.6978289559483528, 0.8573245301377028, 0.01863087876699865, 0.11143163358792663, 0.620390965603292, 0.5509506552480161, 0.03902387782000005, 0.9492128556594253, 0.6117224923800677, 0.3683617312926799, 0.5858099448960274, 0.6135446687694639, 0.1365170762874186, 0.7509512039832771, 0.8178468414116651, 0.3869510928634554, 0.8655898654833436, 0.4322810457088053, 0.9290922228246927, 0.6621084273792803, 0.497017327696085, 0.5097459778189659, 0.9679638966917992, 0.425990218995139, 0.7538523897528648, 0.53777502826415, 0.46030771965160966, 0.27243654849007726, 0.9042595056816936, 0.9641287026461214, 0.35389646887779236, 0.4838338962290436, 0.5351557969115674, 0.6974357876460999, 0.7033794918097556, 0.8546425949316472, 0.4928551847115159, 0.5589608256705105, 0.24924010317772627, 0.3455449086613953, 0.003795554395765066, 0.5548250859137625, 0.7375620272941887, 0.31868126639164984, 0.6423357585445046, 0.32183978892862797, 0.9100696993991733, 0.22036440786905587, 0.6911449993494898, 0.09584073605947196, 0.8476150496862829, 0.5410236788447946, 0.7413612636737525, 0.36303063784725964, 0.07494497718289495, 0.449655104894191, 0.067720134742558, 0.5734850293956697, 0.22201739717274904, 0.5502034248784184, 0.9517572512850165, 0.0968924320768565, 0.22070907824672759, 0.9547865861095488, 0.743232125416398, 0.02625889447517693, 0.9891717345453799, 0.5901167672127485, 0.12276008864864707, 0.2698734609875828, 0.26124306418932974, 0.39903918444179, 0.4679591846652329, 0.7259654880035669, 0.2945828365627676, 0.4463400519452989, 0.6648838019464165, 0.02313625509850681, 0.636871300637722, 0.5372525649145246, 0.872654230101034, 0.976982283173129, 0.06996711250394583, 0.6263850252144039, 0.2503274923656136, 0.5294203374069184, 0.5831095315515995, 0.8549705019686371, 0.22429210762493312, 0.8802987860981375, 0.3183593680150807, 0.5438809811603278, 0.10907125449739397, 0.5923730602953583, 0.1597166049759835, 0.3533201841637492, 0.9337304912041873, 0.8076038919389248, 0.05930777546018362, 0.6173483356833458, 0.7053815748076886, 0.7729821102693677, 0.0041554037015885115, 0.19928148668259382, 0.7292698309756815, 0.9571259911172092, 0.5162892905063927, 0.5560088995844126, 0.5216546438168734, 0.9591810733545572, 0.8916399539448321, 0.914856327464804, 0.10198268294334412, 0.1514659016393125, 0.21313387295231223, 0.49630011711269617, 0.45995090482756495, 0.2691405734512955, 0.446478093508631, 0.18144064885564148, 0.25558858341537416, 0.48949961992911994, 0.6680089936126024, 0.25125464028678834, 0.6037529821041971, 0.5905966437421739, 0.866202546749264, 0.789095810148865, 0.8854834539815784, 0.6893312982283533, 0.5973860565572977, 0.7674071758519858, 0.9975143829360604, 0.5085802508983761, 0.30607072962448, 0.8756685890257359, 0.1345907519571483, 0.9279697213787585, 0.13081141468137503, 0.882360203191638, 0.4060702370479703, 0.08929219981655478, 0.9560354736167938, 0.9169921223074198, 0.4024289706721902, 0.9234102433547378, 0.24806286278180778, 0.5250649515073746, 0.5141078880988061, 0.3566166094969958, 0.3640722422860563, 0.09564001951366663, 0.24853342212736607, 0.397786971880123, 0.9017925779335201, 0.182915304787457, 0.4245246823411435, 0.5262421350926161, 0.7605444395449013, 0.8539892940316349, 0.7663246260490268, 0.36174571700394154, 0.5148570800665766, 0.7342229490168393, 0.4877656602766365, 0.5866706254892051, 0.9143585772253573, 0.5073264569509774, 0.8123739559669048, 0.21718755015172064, 0.5650738917756826, 0.5570932594127953, 0.48078727489337325, 0.797691244399175, 0.5613486128859222, 0.902823232812807, 0.7235216968692839, 0.38922405149787664, 0.22394780325703323, 0.4194958326406777, 0.40344280493445694, 0.7750029466114938, 0.09777867142111063, 0.8077086734119803, 0.28754351078532636, 0.5657990127801895, 0.42772720684297383, 0.718858432257548, 0.2027882132679224, 0.9945479198358953, 0.8514688455034047, 0.7598344732541591, 0.4647991266101599, 0.17917116824537516, 0.10657676635310054, 0.1897328062914312, 0.40978402830660343, 0.785599019844085, 0.9386087241582572, 0.12835506512783468, 0.4808343048207462, 0.4862900290172547, 0.766410464188084, 0.6231375252828002, 0.31269164523109794, 0.7025482067838311, 0.23491306975483894, 0.3793662837706506, 0.9862045664340258, 0.5422550458461046, 0.5272802340332419, 0.854522691341117, 0.4279066645540297, 0.2703566357959062, 0.9323671802412719, 0.3291909177787602, 0.9969830957707018, 0.4978644847869873, 0.5849321018904448, 0.048802514327690005, 0.9907599417492747, 0.5864602548535913, 0.29956120741553605, 0.949302191613242, 0.3424695120193064, 0.6603789944201708, 0.5112607679329813, 0.2155857856851071, 0.7548354594036937, 0.3249197071418166, 0.3515930597204715, 0.9841910793911666, 0.7068503429181874, 0.9162444123066962, 0.693743963027373, 0.9113508185837418, 0.05801643547601998, 0.22900714864954352, 0.8178442406933755, 0.23060375591740012, 0.8909973956178874, 0.6795464570168406, 0.1980858063325286, 0.49960485589690506, 0.38388342084363103, 0.13399580121040344, 0.6369315150659531, 0.10463728033937514, 0.20684716291725636, 0.44761614268645644, 0.0785536328330636, 0.7934872468467802, 0.7532730072271079, 0.456485295901075, 0.8370686960406601, 0.027012565173208714, 0.6352782680187374, 0.8691478660330176, 0.4404363220091909, 0.08574194507673383, 0.9367632104549557, 0.08330207946710289, 0.04289102624170482, 0.9337135918904096, 0.29442825564183295, 0.9227692470885813, 0.327676247805357, 0.8210931499488652, 0.9620917085558176, 0.05459576309658587, 0.5691819312050939, 0.20181043236516416, 0.5179188367910683, 0.32460755039937794, 0.939651899272576, 0.43435632600449026, 0.7328944446053356, 0.2995844422839582, 0.28020190889947116, 0.7485124852973968, 0.9186158191878349, 0.39111802470870316, 0.23368556145578623, 0.9906645813025534, 0.05199177982285619, 0.8067014182452112, 0.8481706099119037, 0.6525615986902267, 0.47843053471297026, 0.5624450799077749, 0.8553515286184847, 0.21923624584451318, 0.5532490168698132, 0.5473475472535938, 0.4753445351962, 0.805296168429777, 0.01533742481842637, 0.9570056430529803, 0.4100343850441277, 0.21967738843522966, 0.17412397591397166, 0.4755255898926407, 0.07724429713562131, 0.056070755468681455, 0.9756296484265476, 0.3904673042707145, 0.7262251661159098, 0.3763425466604531, 0.27886621840298176, 0.3066066112369299, 0.6809879159554839, 0.21253802138380706, 0.5684023634530604, 0.5449310136027634, 0.9694619420915842, 0.7281227649655193, 0.18653994239866734, 0.8020114875398576, 0.5217578583396971, 0.7066526068374515, 0.8308161962777376, 0.38949935720302165, 0.5282335008960217, 0.22035559895448387, 0.3908491844777018, 0.3354655425064266, 0.23115982674062252, 0.06674762186594307, 0.08655381016433239, 0.172205054666847, 0.7709768684580922, 0.37054602010175586, 0.10380309144966304, 0.5093852344434708, 0.3602023171260953, 0.910309936851263, 0.6934870323166251, 0.34385298890993, 0.04434550926089287, 0.5467545296996832, 0.8778248028829694, 0.4830914782360196, 0.8911665035411716, 0.8111238344572484, 0.334630322875455, 0.21757756266742945, 0.6589793821331114, 0.47515387390740216]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#a6cee3", "name": "A", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}, {"data": {"y": [0.6971087898127735, 0.6773335423786193, 0.13281759270466864, 0.563142606522888, 0.0876184196677059, 0.2500527845695615, 0.021310918033123016, 0.05317363771609962, 0.6656220552977175, 0.028632069705054164, 0.3694918605033308, 0.6875757575035095, 0.6621369272470474, 0.052440399304032326, 0.45428117946721613, 0.8103647606913, 0.6010813773609698, 0.2504744410980493, 0.43014704645611346, 0.9649472017772496, 0.5246734381653368, 0.3556579549331218, 0.7465955798979849, 0.32361065223813057, 0.20283476100303233, 0.4270328178536147, 0.19514831760898232, 0.07009014301002026, 0.10078366450034082, 0.8234875227790326, 0.8923544732388109, 0.09315726906061172, 0.3345373789779842, 0.25569180748425424, 0.7519595825579017, 0.8605473679490387, 0.10110462992452085, 0.2097164518199861, 0.582621804671362, 0.7835759303998202, 0.7994717517867684, 0.744581769220531, 0.09526076284237206, 0.16387521056458354, 0.6438807926606387, 0.6332207280211151, 0.03545234818011522, 0.37026615208014846, 0.9112362191081047, 0.5228448160924017, 0.09005665290169418, 0.045073318062350154, 0.1800159050617367, 0.7477783360518515, 0.18870137818157673, 0.5865689760539681, 0.672878266312182, 0.5849539437331259, 0.9832981049548835, 0.0775365645531565, 0.490691052749753, 0.8939852798357606, 0.7887507192790508, 0.8808116251602769, 0.6110222130082548, 0.7011704130563885, 0.36003551515750587, 0.7599055420141667, 0.00019817659631371498, 0.7368753640912473, 0.7371520982123911, 0.2797183294314891, 0.48863909277133644, 0.3775179833173752, 0.5378528165165335, 0.06472404906526208, 0.05083129717968404, 0.9628932834602892, 0.02410290506668389, 0.24851592653430998, 0.2910397732630372, 0.6045167101547122, 0.029673418262973428, 0.9040945931337774, 0.4534707295242697, 0.21840409515425563, 0.37309634359553456, 0.8402034961618483, 0.6985871766228229, 0.015652433736249804, 0.5755956780631095, 0.20763527788221836, 0.09182539163157344, 0.9003449068404734, 0.6369862062856555, 0.17764348327182233, 0.8427423597313464, 0.49977089930325747, 0.07030692393891513, 0.5004724473692477, 0.13357818615622818, 0.10940859350375831, 0.7221593626309186, 0.10173873859457672, 0.2616653242148459, 0.2303512841463089, 0.9687067996710539, 0.8175659736152738, 0.7779774127993733, 0.6642591822892427, 0.48974213586188853, 0.3871844136156142, 0.41268285224214196, 0.5932651513721794, 0.6203944177832454, 0.014439135557040572, 0.6966077422257513, 0.8444182181265205, 0.4648623538669199, 0.011881715850904584, 0.40788127831183374, 0.45150897465646267, 0.056818956043571234, 0.7498952001333237, 0.39503951626829803, 0.6321769983042032, 0.48424852173775434, 0.8830940851476043, 0.42154956865124404, 0.7647059911396354, 0.6625459515489638, 0.9731552791781723, 0.5600218907929957, 0.6447241804562509, 0.46942468313500285, 0.2530195915605873, 0.25431355368345976, 0.6168926490936428, 0.30293441587127745, 0.7642528263386339, 0.17460992326959968, 0.468442911747843, 0.0680550062097609, 0.5637143889907748, 0.9622772512957454, 0.8866167459636927, 0.17194113181903958, 0.7447163444012403, 0.9330451465211809, 0.3601920735090971, 0.8162346507888287, 0.3029547701589763, 0.36559295607730746, 0.7560770439449698, 0.34384585614316165, 0.43538071075454354, 0.4885654302779585, 0.7154395326506346, 0.6760141300037503, 0.048554858192801476, 0.5047188003081828, 0.7096168780699372, 0.1660507668275386, 0.8328116827178746, 0.8975517291110009, 0.05478234635666013, 0.79922886332497, 0.7432034679222852, 0.19370954320766032, 0.609108519507572, 0.4011151136364788, 0.09221549122594297, 0.7901646946556866, 0.10173335019499063, 0.7953876259271055, 0.14644280611537397, 0.9311378796119243, 0.8610814865678549, 0.14333349280059338, 0.6461054862011224, 0.2678592470474541, 0.11680531478486955, 0.1914850021712482, 0.5071982662193477, 0.15685120201669633, 0.08020490151830018, 0.08202302386052907, 0.36255629546940327, 0.16260309959761798, 0.7764680988620967, 0.7849473673850298, 0.7014641459099948, 0.22136195073835552, 0.5168476591352373, 0.2376265984494239, 0.5254417704418302, 0.46742924000136554, 0.12312525697052479, 0.8010810189880431, 0.726379067869857, 0.17839569598436356, 0.8723945680540055, 0.024945602286607027, 0.5445598526857793, 0.1599422823637724, 0.5635122384410352, 0.4865417149849236, 0.429224643856287, 0.11586113972589374, 0.9676099875941873, 0.7339930874295533, 0.8529526181519032, 0.4555739862844348, 0.5451834904961288, 0.6060981389600784, 0.6946151882875711, 0.6652659527026117, 0.15965909813530743, 0.8234503504354507, 0.9080879453103989, 0.871410546824336, 0.6825771369040012, 0.1490260404534638, 0.43321623117662966, 0.7303942549042404, 0.10748963733203709, 0.17026292975060642, 0.6134963349904865, 0.01689121127128601, 0.7603528902400285, 0.17556702252477407, 0.4377500566188246, 0.6871092179790139, 0.5777465023566037, 0.05977563979104161, 0.976180566009134, 0.36071356548927724, 0.981377704301849, 0.7098293197341263, 0.14368415088392794, 0.6675219715107232, 0.6284005898050964, 0.682532153557986, 0.7820134088397026, 0.395552811678499, 0.4738521398976445, 0.5754231724422425, 0.9325574631802738, 0.20546076144091785, 0.5630657700821757, 0.40808267216198146, 0.9415095786098391, 0.16156716248951852, 0.06743297004140913, 0.9907090452034026, 0.6070884787477553, 0.9588824466336519, 0.5791248450987041, 0.6749637757893652, 0.7310380125418305, 0.06907442212104797, 0.2685418897308409, 0.6085707135498524, 0.8139030558522791, 0.7152532970067114, 0.24093887419439852, 0.7053500404581428, 0.7671664925292134, 0.1797841105144471, 0.16240683756768703, 0.7573289754800498, 0.5644198008812964, 0.9594025765545666, 0.2875661563593894, 0.7206375817768276, 0.13715185574255884, 0.17520707170479, 0.6417724459897727, 0.6561318705789745, 0.5191175774671137, 0.4614109315443784, 0.15596384555101395, 0.5788046990055591, 0.02304068999364972, 0.4430508059449494, 0.04124474572017789, 0.7602271884679794, 0.37143629090860486, 0.07600014563649893, 0.14126947335898876, 0.12152299890294671, 0.3018192786257714, 0.1457049499731511, 0.8788903243839741, 0.6157987280748785, 0.06765462597832084, 0.5649864482693374, 0.9105715996120125, 0.5870204826351255, 0.4198962787631899, 0.2544905748218298, 0.040018693543970585, 0.9249038803391159, 0.4735106872394681, 0.9409387346822768, 0.9531681593507528, 0.9166405559517443, 0.7712832705583423, 0.6194638987071812, 0.15544803929515183, 0.2656908384524286, 0.6419891039840877, 0.7109815322328359, 0.09397884295322001, 0.9604364430997521, 0.6733306802343577, 0.9277943829074502, 0.4200804631691426, 0.9586701865773648, 0.03835888230241835, 0.6285153299104422, 0.6398686594329774, 0.9400983364321291, 0.35766872949898243, 0.8057070889044553, 0.18357918551191688, 0.2646795026957989, 0.5446665384806693, 0.6261765966191888, 0.8181361714377999, 0.2091284862253815, 0.23382827267050743, 0.5987454957794398, 0.5422159344889224, 0.9738564912695438, 0.7689296971075237, 0.544015834806487, 0.7796950475312769, 0.03836488723754883, 0.6627899641171098, 0.20747994957491755, 0.8428931627422571, 0.09340333542786539, 0.003934738226234913, 0.9498388071078807, 0.2226584698073566, 0.04267416172660887, 0.9538536230102181, 0.09289697045460343, 0.884736314881593, 0.5686789795290679, 0.878057983936742, 0.5637687365524471, 0.452322737313807, 0.55048449896276, 0.6527661359868944, 0.4818484587594867, 0.5971446188632399, 0.9402822272386402, 0.5006199341733009, 0.12821301515214145, 0.530462218914181, 0.8731183209456503, 0.5196168238762766, 0.8084365716204047, 0.1082579621579498, 0.2707109299954027, 0.8969949008896947, 0.37393614416942, 0.7042701838072389, 0.8870857683941722, 0.7285277561750263, 0.015207919990643859, 0.017428246093913913, 0.9850326504092664, 0.9122467171400785, 0.8514752485789359, 0.5345007311552763, 0.6606189776211977, 0.7975441676098853, 0.6085359421558678, 0.0173118042293936, 0.12999233696609735, 0.19962218846194446, 0.4739148498047143, 0.7867141771130264, 0.44843480875715613, 0.09835806116461754, 0.12397994822822511, 0.25673866970464587, 0.09604302234947681, 0.9959936928935349, 0.9429946762975305, 0.27993874275125563, 0.2759635515976697, 0.6923050144687295, 0.08024707599543035, 0.08566593145951629, 0.9385486820247024, 0.907022483414039, 0.8198568860534579, 0.7060359104070812, 0.6444374823477119, 0.03789608762599528, 0.318230789154768, 0.513470493722707, 0.9161899858154356, 0.8885306373704225, 0.8087845367845148, 0.9707877177279443, 0.7229261945467442, 0.5627242410555482, 0.07142164604738355, 0.7028981333132833, 0.3991049991454929, 0.3871886439155787, 0.896279716398567, 0.9975398383103311, 0.47062881267629564, 0.9409936144948006, 0.5894522625021636, 0.9799010211136192, 0.029490731190890074, 0.9645139700733125, 0.7267930458765477, 0.7933097362983972, 0.6614172996487468, 0.36800777609460056, 0.6331814925651997, 0.3533995132893324, 0.8609490836970508, 0.8065841046627611, 0.8937111599370837, 0.49979104846715927, 0.23821292840875685, 0.12168693030253053, 0.8656908520497382, 0.18492345232516527, 0.625844773137942, 0.8474767939187586, 0.47009336086921394, 0.18213784229010344, 0.3510984922759235, 0.28026303090155125, 0.47543854312971234, 0.3902114159427583, 0.22963999980129302, 0.7835892953444272, 0.3115873255301267, 0.14470695075578988, 0.4909903828520328, 0.7268802321050316, 0.9557478732895106, 0.3447645551059395, 0.36255108774639666, 0.5906614670529962, 0.3510406073182821, 0.05688195233233273, 0.1821799511089921, 0.0590084851719439, 0.05281339259818196, 0.37501795776188374, 0.8220814527012408, 0.49732324993237853, 0.6412714167963713, 0.571439006133005, 0.4998737352434546, 0.6897174599580467, 0.33241589670069516, 0.6872315357904881, 0.9680006473790854, 0.02664431883022189, 0.8770449932198972, 0.4977222557645291, 0.3775420922320336, 0.5561237344518304, 0.9713783925399184, 0.41957669355906546, 0.3596866549924016, 0.5846927135717124, 0.9300335205625743, 0.26030411617830396, 0.9835682671982795, 0.8486060907598585, 0.921861776849255, 0.2558207369875163, 0.7447515565436333, 0.6877189818769693, 0.41686504147946835, 0.5056880763731897, 0.2152150426991284, 0.6780861155129969, 0.3601735453121364, 0.4186325224582106, 0.19112146645784378, 0.23009030683897436, 0.13876131433062255, 0.8061044039204717, 0.3423400088213384, 0.2828420512378216, 0.5451054705772549, 0.816008165711537, 0.734105120645836, 0.5087872077710927, 0.37125194421969354, 0.7884252259973437, 0.5225684486795217, 0.5890648593194783, 0.9516557136084884, 0.06471077352762222, 0.8141824391204864, 0.16035882756114006, 0.19220123230479658, 0.39171904721297324, 0.5460705254226923, 0.8410509927198291, 0.6948600381147116, 0.19586268020793796, 0.06993111106567085, 0.34194170613773167, 0.05402376572601497, 0.960292387753725, 0.31748954323120415, 0.8904667396564037, 0.36343323229812086, 0.23594132508151233, 0.9485399993136525, 0.5754847852513194, 0.5216084562707692, 0.03049186267890036, 0.269848799565807, 0.10422371327877045, 0.2867577038705349, 0.1824275040999055, 0.8197022997774184, 0.7947097586002201, 0.12430854327976704, 0.7544225919991732, 0.1648118186276406, 0.8586581642739475, 0.0026159065309911966, 0.5978122798260301, 0.5618189650122076, 0.32886920939199626, 0.8968088980764151, 0.10087778232991695, 0.2906714305281639, 0.8062809684779495, 0.6006846106611192, 0.8734020732808858, 0.1923296560999006, 0.7172325644642115, 0.03544912091456354, 0.4699395685456693, 0.8865113833453506, 0.7253927388228476, 0.678614299511537, 0.5718316936399788, 0.8549831036943942, 0.9953225906938314, 0.32360865781083703, 0.9981815116479993, 0.686254970729351, 0.22438889578916132, 0.24750537239015102, 0.3085749940946698, 0.6919642519205809, 0.5238170276861638, 0.9803728887345642, 0.41331504355184734, 0.5572026593144983, 0.017818493070080876, 0.40255903103388846, 0.5295927959959954, 0.7991227731108665, 0.7038409919477999, 0.1468238472007215, 0.861616566311568, 0.7942657745443285, 0.7228204209823161, 0.862127312226221, 0.25309490971267223, 0.047575949458405375, 0.828858659369871, 0.6633928045630455, 0.6857153822202235, 0.8957940950058401, 0.7135075726546347, 0.1438831714913249, 0.700947628589347, 0.07775496575050056, 0.22466225735843182, 0.7800604086369276, 0.5333851000759751, 0.8009638283401728, 0.735800385242328, 0.7042056855279952, 0.9778951706830412, 0.11582673317752779, 0.4369646613486111, 0.7831250971648842, 0.3332100175321102, 0.15711445664055645, 0.44411718868650496, 0.16987665509805083, 0.3271650900132954, 0.7292223304975778, 0.7293241140432656, 0.885949338786304, 0.05382066243328154, 0.878606614889577, 0.7732680425979197, 0.8568949403706938, 0.8670692215673625, 0.8251392429228872, 0.8147311671636999, 0.4271174343302846, 0.9678727809805423, 0.3454501125961542, 0.09306822903454304, 0.2906488149892539, 0.738042363896966, 0.7493298016488552, 0.33202120452187955, 0.6388692632317543, 0.49029788305051625, 0.4260278947185725, 0.69594204146415, 0.803944303188473, 0.9929095092229545, 0.7117948008235544, 0.6442417728248984, 0.07845797087065876, 0.9684583940543234, 0.15737829566933215, 0.25859486451372504, 0.05895858560688794, 0.2696285084821284, 0.12406850256957114, 0.8610007003881037, 0.30296803009696305, 0.25951503473334014, 0.49332331446930766, 0.41722496366128325, 0.9454650126863271, 0.9793373090215027, 0.4599087671376765, 0.47236377373337746, 0.47294972953386605, 0.1105415418278426, 0.03698373702354729, 0.7625731697771698, 0.7773775192908943, 0.12540792440995574, 0.9145725162234157, 0.0135301579721272, 0.9273002936970443, 0.4555211472325027, 0.09107085037976503, 0.5308207022026181, 0.7816828640643507, 0.9256092307623476, 0.15281415241770446, 0.9182135476730764, 0.9540935175027698, 0.9544123334344476, 0.3408578163944185, 0.5235553269740194, 0.9058331947308034, 0.5053190314210951, 0.8369311506394297, 0.1235284823924303, 0.3480818122625351, 0.777489475440234, 0.8692724434658885, 0.9302391605451703, 0.9267683592624962, 0.04270944348536432, 0.6003642289433628, 0.08590850047767162, 0.867015007417649, 0.08936211350373924, 0.7747956824023277, 0.21689691324718297, 0.6135743432678282, 0.5795305306091905, 0.9276063852012157, 0.6284255932550877, 0.6190566383302212, 0.508806524798274, 0.602139895549044, 0.03851361642591655, 0.5573681835085154, 0.035677223931998014, 0.04894014005549252, 0.25354145118035376, 0.9552842071279883, 0.5048892872873694, 0.933913406683132, 0.3374425205402076, 0.1255917390808463, 0.2065488223452121, 0.6970872706733644, 0.9182487747166306, 0.7100760228931904, 0.6756552311126143, 0.22220741445198655, 0.8627821295522153, 0.6322806624229997, 0.26965686003677547, 0.8185809783171862, 0.36713421042077243, 0.005968165118247271, 0.07212723977863789, 0.2531747813336551, 0.19518405734561384, 0.280045009450987, 0.8035558245610446, 0.043555968441069126, 0.7969277179799974, 0.6207262857351452, 0.5515549855772406, 0.2411851054057479, 0.11859274609014392, 0.9583988178055733, 0.23945065308362246, 0.9969951973762363, 0.6760544679127634, 0.5956061673350632, 0.77938596974127, 0.43442051741294563, 0.28492444194853306, 0.09888952365145087, 0.007196336053311825, 0.015225381823256612, 0.015254984144121408, 0.9544633366167545, 0.8424182613380253, 0.3684825813397765, 0.28929418069310486, 0.22913358081132174, 0.3865154101513326, 0.6939975458662957, 0.9433614714071155, 0.03544852999038994, 0.39943743753246963, 0.9793729905504733, 0.37622597138397396, 0.8950651083141565, 0.8623337992466986, 0.660641724942252, 0.8722145827487111, 0.8567295074462891, 0.581537137273699, 0.25278476206585765, 0.04894524905830622, 0.859251850284636, 0.5394418088253587, 0.1788280587643385, 0.1975352498702705, 0.7234995136968791, 0.33110702061094344, 0.48057122342288494, 0.7657985037658364, 0.9176720653194934, 0.46643848111853004, 0.14255316881462932, 0.5852190151344985, 0.11100587574765086, 0.7482948489487171, 0.15340231941081583, 0.18096167198382318, 0.42010485101491213, 0.6297823658678681, 0.9564118783455342, 0.9054815219715238, 0.0687122019007802, 0.18919712537899613, 0.15874876035377383, 0.598502691835165, 0.9662425222340971, 0.9632092230021954, 0.4273807143326849, 0.28500374662689865, 0.529968717135489, 0.8862688357476145, 0.969773122575134, 0.528430117527023, 0.20749710709787905, 0.9038237344939262, 0.31040724110789597, 0.7979946490377188, 0.84756342577748, 0.7187406136654317, 0.6837759376503527, 0.19777524867095053, 0.9796725881751627, 0.12022959999740124, 0.42506743827834725, 0.5308515215292573, 0.8461211696267128, 0.8440578486770391, 0.5741750705055892, 0.012281587114557624, 0.6041764162946492, 0.40297807194292545, 0.020055845146998763, 0.9736033023800701, 0.35123103205114603, 0.021630170289427042, 0.26395114604383707, 0.9736384234856814, 0.3227280736900866, 0.7771269816439599, 0.5692911823280156, 0.22683603037148714, 0.42396326549351215, 0.40822200989350677, 0.1889911370817572, 0.7295382420998067, 0.9100311808288097, 0.0740340412594378, 0.29504977143369615, 0.6083051599562168, 0.9926400727126747, 0.9836589896585792, 0.9326271191239357, 0.6081059277057648, 0.3220491374377161, 0.690732353599742, 0.29136695666238666, 0.3150150775909424, 0.45538557739928365, 0.3848154838196933, 0.39673503721132874, 0.8682403862476349, 0.7783538524527103, 0.8342527111526579, 0.22255324595607817, 0.1718046662863344, 0.052710683317855, 0.8845430735964328, 0.41511806449852884, 0.7855022423900664, 0.7085786913521588, 0.14024595660157502, 0.06544504151679575, 0.034965270198881626, 0.7758217267692089, 0.348389690509066, 0.7364959237165749, 0.4214096060022712, 0.9575538798235357, 0.6824711074586958, 0.20133829675614834, 0.4427785517182201, 0.767300458624959, 0.228833781555295, 0.18044742033816874, 0.21365001099184155, 0.6527537673246115, 0.4785218758042902, 0.46355624217540026, 0.40009103482589126, 0.8255111731123179, 0.17400489281862974, 0.6002235838677734, 0.37167201237753034, 0.5414667576551437, 0.48142520687542856, 0.2371554037090391, 0.7105697046499699, 0.6072671045549214, 0.952065774705261, 0.2777434582822025, 0.5557317100465298, 0.8305204180069268, 0.9658962939865887, 0.3606396224349737, 0.5946060142014176, 0.5739439344033599, 0.3372562772128731, 0.9060423015616834, 0.039410878671333194, 0.356707070954144, 0.3656712577212602, 0.7991066961549222, 0.9257125984877348, 0.33400059794075787, 0.5999831527005881, 0.20796151156537235, 0.060816804179921746, 0.5746481728274375, 0.37644000770524144, 0.613184824353084, 0.3470133652444929, 0.44192117056809366, 0.31941637373529375, 0.39251532102935016, 0.5647731767967343, 0.49344817642122507, 0.13934214948676527, 0.3249203134328127, 0.6111440856475383, 0.8739078901708126, 0.25005117640830576, 0.043863322818651795, 0.8163593341596425, 0.033748229732736945, 0.9812840076629072, 0.6411065582651645, 0.14465744816698134, 0.9621002431958914, 0.5671965996734798, 0.034735849127173424, 0.019123625941574574, 0.09571884386241436, 0.20355121372267604, 0.646160798612982, 0.4035078177694231, 0.8682206589728594, 0.5719954804517329, 0.3000419046729803, 0.2751285689882934, 0.8635985418222845, 0.6237171925604343, 0.6247311839833856, 0.030643492937088013, 0.18155210744589567, 0.3014646037481725, 0.6492604247760028, 0.4819373800419271, 0.861928150523454, 0.051917773904278874, 0.3546552888583392, 0.3621804895810783, 0.6951406795997173, 0.8102843980304897, 0.058698539389297366, 0.6419888839591295, 0.9879347186069936, 0.14018241199664772, 0.2063039164058864, 0.31555835506878793, 0.7805338429752737, 0.9433040602598339, 0.1765250291209668, 0.04283303348347545, 0.17547711730003357, 0.09702061698772013, 0.8700897563248873, 0.8239233619533479, 0.9640808831900358, 0.7662789530586451, 0.6390861568506807, 0.2528206333518028, 0.2705613512080163, 0.3702545342966914, 0.10735861863940954, 0.7090892766136676, 0.0857529102358967, 0.1678499486297369, 0.27849892154335976, 0.38363962480798364, 0.8586467048153281, 0.540479721268639, 0.1478900578804314, 0.5378197734244168, 0.7798055801540613, 0.09283147915266454, 0.2409048550762236, 0.9833718438167125, 0.4716270696371794, 0.4053319487720728, 0.4215307410340756, 0.023448986234143376, 0.5147803309373558, 0.5248562565539032, 0.23387353331781924, 0.388895517680794, 0.6646735672838986, 0.5142410711850971, 0.5114879433531314, 0.8369934128131717, 0.11501200054772198, 0.906906992662698, 0.22469822876155376, 0.03206227510236204, 0.23996030795387924, 0.9541939380578697, 0.2808436215855181, 0.37142593367025256, 0.9443424355704337, 0.3964993101544678, 0.41085145552642643, 0.6960707085672766, 0.34996878588572145, 0.9179565946105868, 0.2522211894392967, 0.9362125888001174], "x": [7.279892596183345, 7.230280423769727, 7.786111016757786, 7.214194697095081, 7.461445776978508, 7.12400694261305, 7.124824850587174, 7.200278082396835, 7.664745435118675, 7.811387681402266, 7.821657677413896, 7.2227425968740135, 7.225967414909974, 7.94616108154878, 7.563208015169948, 7.0006930199451745, 7.810901791788638, 7.06089087203145, 7.806157100247219, 7.832586035132408, 7.92946033924818, 7.305502123432234, 7.061794155044481, 7.0075837227050215, 7.5865536944475025, 7.495616182452068, 7.639388559851795, 7.406067957635969, 7.835729649988934, 7.065308136167005, 7.299727437086403, 7.8295423169620335, 7.385406701359898, 7.791890143882483, 7.0619898156728595, 7.804704115726054, 7.3120501367375255, 7.8990391965489835, 7.331347154220566, 7.523682296508923, 7.5041772436816245, 7.337194193387404, 7.350404920522124, 7.392916124081239, 7.135438189608976, 7.854017829988152, 7.579435006016865, 7.756191189168021, 7.205503694247454, 7.901918302755803, 7.685568585526198, 7.005014122929424, 7.190938522107899, 7.494993926025927, 7.778600437566638, 7.353203363716602, 7.890950093511492, 7.442629361525178, 7.504473033826798, 7.161425414728001, 7.787657117471099, 7.425467265071347, 7.367515163496137, 7.180465852376074, 7.539858851348981, 7.641456724377349, 7.436279062880203, 7.471567645901814, 7.708315143827349, 7.7477926830761135, 7.1785737907048315, 7.8652321503032, 7.937558557605371, 7.756190916057676, 7.78671104204841, 7.23836512863636, 7.000180487753823, 7.1728402534499764, 7.261618335265666, 7.823412370402366, 7.974371516611427, 7.637998482445255, 7.137177559081465, 7.253100602887571, 7.638813984580338, 7.9726283675991, 7.830753146903589, 7.077650631777942, 7.729673994937912, 7.620384306879714, 7.137112092925236, 7.201748856110498, 7.606110957451165, 7.787269325694069, 7.335846610367298, 7.946545364102349, 7.724245574325323, 7.591918503632769, 7.500729463296011, 7.984933252213523, 7.323950451798737, 7.501236305804923, 7.95910733891651, 7.53878118400462, 7.400445204926655, 7.742368595907465, 7.245453529059887, 7.482716608326882, 7.305293647572398, 7.6186131704598665, 7.667505223536864, 7.525312269572169, 7.674092801986262, 7.717844064347446, 7.917378777405247, 7.182941327104345, 7.272172091761604, 7.609836327144876, 7.774361784104258, 7.656677149934694, 7.433837420074269, 7.8625030857510865, 7.685284168226644, 7.230620696442202, 7.5964208205696195, 7.169481580844149, 7.345595458522439, 7.423627528827637, 7.354766397736967, 7.6062939232215285, 7.164662944851443, 7.609131544828415, 7.998233247315511, 7.609014145098627, 7.335944514721632, 7.0537102583330125, 7.274374285945669, 7.661463998258114, 7.600771734490991, 7.796720053767785, 7.780452400678769, 7.445335598196834, 7.143688102252781, 7.057889060815796, 7.495696456404403, 7.095828492892906, 7.566337272292003, 7.866964599350467, 7.5569148797076195, 7.486365479184315, 7.850977660855278, 7.061299128457904, 7.341977006522939, 7.1170947453938425, 7.028350345790386, 7.4343102185521275, 7.329469854943454, 7.833513660123572, 7.319734530989081, 7.41812208853662, 7.978016364853829, 7.184625246794894, 7.423250758554786, 7.017992912558839, 7.155643843347207, 7.5964216373395175, 7.044193615904078, 7.668800141196698, 7.323177469661459, 7.572480026865378, 7.1493047524709255, 7.7806605021469295, 7.1751778232865036, 7.810116104781628, 7.055240414105356, 7.1550683956593275, 7.860874478239566, 7.882377210538834, 7.050151074305177, 7.769210279453546, 7.973210586933419, 7.8444714734796435, 7.342555267037824, 7.009625320555642, 7.718638945138082, 7.807898013154045, 7.508397011552006, 7.607897377340123, 7.461319088935852, 7.170829155482352, 7.183618496404961, 7.377746190410107, 7.682558916276321, 7.598595502320677, 7.033653803169727, 7.0155552085489035, 7.098721594084054, 7.437968455255032, 7.410580813419074, 7.934495814610273, 7.043306523934007, 7.63279282883741, 7.0241165375337005, 7.821063392795622, 7.934420969802886, 7.619199774926528, 7.11314208060503, 7.493311002384871, 7.267432257533073, 7.290877367835492, 7.035104964859784, 7.3467160309664905, 7.656883222749457, 7.7575819219928235, 7.432476357091218, 7.148265891242772, 7.280670284992084, 7.319688833551481, 7.092056821798906, 7.233049269532785, 7.976361328735948, 7.406087144045159, 7.623173250583932, 7.203124593710527, 7.177174830576405, 7.455064286245033, 7.876247916603461, 7.79613617900759, 7.006215843837708, 7.688026114599779, 7.3222413926851, 7.106319424230605, 7.216338857542723, 7.167724689235911, 7.8783661830239, 7.330835675587878, 7.940273835556582, 7.112157103372738, 7.405151950661093, 7.5507317369338125, 7.016837375238538, 7.853245347738266, 7.987999151926488, 7.6547330704052, 7.850863516330719, 7.3266829152125865, 7.1017501663882285, 7.519882558844984, 7.863885723054409, 7.305923756677657, 7.651513993507251, 7.5360856705810875, 7.588261178694665, 7.021372574847192, 7.927790027111769, 7.426239084685221, 7.260105532594025, 7.395392699167132, 7.881938715931028, 7.597722637001425, 7.665498327696696, 7.417235879926011, 7.404576912289485, 7.985595168545842, 7.333448939025402, 7.624640194699168, 7.608403020305559, 7.674240698572248, 7.354323302861303, 7.56930864113383, 7.554206425091252, 7.651237590704113, 7.620294653344899, 7.285746976267546, 7.88862715405412, 7.706102875294164, 7.428923034342006, 7.7372474044095725, 7.685509475879371, 7.014019415946677, 7.37925156741403, 7.609426535433158, 7.280228723073378, 7.159791905898601, 7.932299298001453, 7.193775202380493, 7.839876020560041, 7.301756769884378, 7.222794173983857, 7.21267904387787, 7.333416846580803, 7.233749751700088, 7.979546404210851, 7.725325358333066, 7.236634193919599, 7.125199858797714, 7.699069575872272, 7.475631220731884, 7.891706973547116, 7.03104451065883, 7.263046003645286, 7.203484310302883, 7.570363562786952, 7.570275217294693, 7.773534282809123, 7.245021727634594, 7.1655908555258065, 7.500450688879937, 7.36597116314806, 7.276315066032112, 7.928973606554791, 7.042534883832559, 7.664127960335463, 7.172528935363516, 7.545916163595393, 7.662981095723808, 7.633768211351708, 7.18956203199923, 7.442616697167978, 7.086400588974357, 7.388653416652232, 7.407582846004516, 7.804055224172771, 7.814104598248377, 7.692508461186662, 7.581698524067178, 7.565127063076943, 7.4115202247630805, 7.094357641413808, 7.243141287472099, 7.594925480429083, 7.73610703391023, 7.227006054017693, 7.168773010838777, 7.837794887367636, 7.999603072647005, 7.594226544722915, 7.262832035310566, 7.143094474682584, 7.186127970693633, 7.423382346983999, 7.84364876546897, 7.733475944027305, 7.6401839149184525, 7.528720175148919, 7.360436547314748, 7.469727101037279, 7.857214588439092, 7.034354734234512, 7.035031520295888, 7.890737257199362, 7.28528590570204, 7.932914404897019, 7.009065705118701, 7.53709471039474, 7.662076553096995, 7.268465937115252, 7.157073505921289, 7.138653365429491, 7.726067241979763, 7.538710111984983, 7.658755929209292, 7.999844017904252, 7.845797804649919, 7.0719925633165985, 7.834952776553109, 7.5568239411804825, 7.6376588742714375, 7.399546638829634, 7.2488819132559, 7.580841520568356, 7.492850471986458, 7.995315542677417, 7.324366404674947, 7.244579248363152, 7.72993053868413, 7.224182049976662, 7.024410750018433, 7.009224107256159, 7.2863676936831325, 7.578669666545466, 7.276512288022786, 7.50169664202258, 7.779744453262538, 7.133391855983064, 7.359904274810106, 7.24062760733068, 7.835387598723173, 7.349443368148059, 7.489565979456529, 7.519984322832897, 7.874198583653197, 7.087157631292939, 7.537961406400427, 7.2738554873503745, 7.925253942608833, 7.958461022470146, 7.504653255455196, 7.267292152624577, 7.052970123011619, 7.933208731235936, 7.04332275595516, 7.635809747967869, 7.973137954017147, 7.117913921596482, 7.11388154188171, 7.525904823094606, 7.31890405761078, 7.934177695307881, 7.236197863006964, 7.226977701066062, 7.24089566222392, 7.401813249103725, 7.799463256727904, 7.1655895109288394, 7.970711222384125, 7.074786318698898, 7.21360600925982, 7.604464490199462, 7.0675431420095265, 7.033349416684359, 7.708013832336292, 7.638561057858169, 7.7460305544082075, 7.370988670038059, 7.096931895008311, 7.556304388213903, 7.872584854951128, 7.381716978969052, 7.198501340346411, 7.740727946162224, 7.736380374757573, 7.905051673995331, 7.066735608037561, 7.946219027042389, 7.251588904066011, 7.006421341793612, 7.686413132119924, 7.825821033446118, 7.3772231948096305, 7.593365949811414, 7.5459398839157075, 7.391818585572764, 7.129276717314497, 7.045802998356521, 7.938939374871552, 7.511669099563733, 7.235419822391123, 7.899256852455437, 7.039416283369064, 7.066520963795483, 7.895910587860271, 7.981744856573641, 7.95286074699834, 7.452366098528728, 7.322596224490553, 7.765040879836306, 7.93773176940158, 7.939198390813544, 7.507960539544001, 7.892104736529291, 7.009332972578704, 7.676034143427387, 7.289798486977816, 7.977793833008036, 7.267952293623239, 7.832082813838497, 7.973269963171333, 7.870461813407019, 7.1152049084194005, 7.634905949002132, 7.7809318653307855, 7.988850667607039, 7.533830601256341, 7.556599292438477, 7.800974505953491, 7.109696905594319, 7.885764538543299, 7.25458780513145, 7.7937061954289675, 7.062671062536538, 7.017187843564898, 7.120785964652896, 7.384863903746009, 7.4301498234272, 7.009821645217016, 7.362452741945162, 7.68876590160653, 7.21977090020664, 7.846867257263511, 7.572433415101841, 7.035161939682439, 7.7424293593503535, 7.471256575779989, 7.863209142582491, 7.612411238485947, 7.944540947210044, 7.35281716636382, 7.15875916229561, 7.934295596787706, 7.236070574726909, 7.160109990742058, 7.516706652473658, 7.7091355950105935, 7.497326654614881, 7.275471656117588, 7.389764596475288, 7.591121787671, 7.887538376264274, 7.67911141528748, 7.503694825572893, 7.0580163730774075, 7.822652939939871, 7.774837601697072, 7.693805069895461, 7.208805317059159, 7.867323461920023, 7.993334180675447, 7.18045202549547, 7.860619144979864, 7.94251863239333, 7.652232747059315, 7.204885111423209, 7.3261292551178485, 7.449515632586554, 7.783495472744107, 7.178639598423615, 7.097146218642592, 7.595999533310533, 7.744871266419068, 7.239830028265715, 7.50715928664431, 7.377622073981911, 7.538215298904106, 7.726192395435646, 7.369346561143175, 7.763987865298986, 7.351911231642589, 7.138566694455221, 7.2920597908087075, 7.071707502705976, 7.455998710822314, 7.709944391157478, 7.616017688065767, 7.482251396635547, 7.6303366085048765, 7.044392897048965, 7.661484465934336, 7.797551813069731, 7.987611749442294, 7.998071270994842, 7.653446291340515, 7.018892452120781, 7.188998482422903, 7.064068042906001, 7.202071990584955, 7.000292466720566, 7.78407036093995, 7.594284079968929, 7.225671920925379, 7.394164729863405, 7.439322833903134, 7.8046491604764014, 7.142690742155537, 7.2285436855163425, 7.297305135289207, 7.344840873964131, 7.58688551094383, 7.209348126780242, 7.914728606818244, 7.681751978583634, 7.908635055180639, 7.512099000625312, 7.914262669859454, 7.179206571076065, 7.4680029198061675, 7.686611817451194, 7.143456926802173, 7.730767425149679, 7.619368864223361, 7.267156400019303, 7.456684601958841, 7.554120394634083, 7.543767537456006, 7.463525147177279, 7.99233904806897, 7.486861111829057, 7.245419427054003, 7.712041670689359, 7.108341271057725, 7.255087222438306, 7.560125134186819, 7.5935476697050035, 7.481401620665565, 7.78366114012897, 7.37934653297998, 7.56580885197036, 7.870730503229424, 7.275007485412061, 7.894723092904314, 7.899524769047275, 7.11770896660164, 7.3541688160039485, 7.133878827095032, 7.734986633528024, 7.18946269294247, 7.192914898041636, 7.775757789378986, 7.238896555965766, 7.105200212216005, 7.420858417171985, 7.39768443768844, 7.1332813035696745, 7.231142521835864, 7.7036842971574515, 7.998776692664251, 7.215336702531204, 7.820261357119307, 7.842988109681755, 7.10074077732861, 7.397701257839799, 7.212581837316975, 7.478646127041429, 7.524702953640372, 7.087852524127811, 7.123092650901526, 7.915594227612019, 7.501119176624343, 7.56617790996097, 7.055011855205521, 7.906604320043698, 7.097814373904839, 7.1784312159288675, 7.6405539168044925, 7.734417847590521, 7.981628858949989, 7.373777954140678, 7.312019067583606, 7.025238999398425, 7.439834075514227, 7.921415418852121, 7.553829296724871, 7.328811359824613, 7.480425177840516, 7.322484964504838, 7.376976185711101, 7.303042348474264, 7.549875837285072, 7.334708698326722, 7.647230076603591, 7.11888197530061, 7.624640591442585, 7.54055994655937, 7.525467759929597, 7.042207423597574, 7.666830442612991, 7.550491760717705, 7.21548616187647, 7.540512879844755, 7.097776960581541, 7.884218868799508, 7.00013284268789, 7.374271818436682, 7.742412562016398, 7.080677104415372, 7.5035186626482755, 7.214103268226609, 7.956086412305012, 7.848875822732225, 7.619980009738356, 7.315207144943997, 7.23971646069549, 7.99127819458954, 7.350479399552569, 7.939869937486947, 7.641208558343351, 7.117872567847371, 7.492840935941786, 7.404040954075754, 7.568200533976778, 7.251957805128768, 7.091977930162102, 7.931812528753653, 7.886667816666886, 7.601692161755636, 7.296499649295583, 7.3771212310530245, 7.455671274103224, 7.077869142405689, 7.234617486363277, 7.336327590048313, 7.448244575876743, 7.254107786342502, 7.102967817801982, 7.1917775047477335, 7.25732715963386, 7.610130571061745, 7.0794150196015835, 7.384343261597678, 7.388760476605967, 7.70535966893658, 7.144178669434041, 7.7994991559535265, 7.717635235516354, 7.875594546785578, 7.396653702948242, 7.538665998959914, 7.669561948394403, 7.941374035319313, 7.535151616670191, 7.508899099659175, 7.1689116198103875, 7.554014508146793, 7.095307296840474, 7.172596750548109, 7.940302147995681, 7.174438840709627, 7.375452531501651, 7.375842343550175, 7.66420382889919, 7.022754855686799, 7.945426461985335, 7.501440502004698, 7.353695884579793, 7.128706104122102, 7.943337993230671, 7.207359358901158, 7.03929997025989, 7.180713001638651, 7.30918952380307, 7.841433162102476, 7.606933462433517, 7.390772478887811, 7.384790588868782, 7.8808274320326746, 7.408941483357921, 7.929029653780162, 7.992250252515078, 7.926140657858923, 7.372283383039758, 7.041730703553185, 7.09041316062212, 7.67253533564508, 7.3295768985990435, 7.844527107197791, 7.125542062334716, 7.180904577020556, 7.994696395704523, 7.52851355727762, 7.9556700643152, 7.9899197281338274, 7.696088041411713, 7.234955407679081, 7.506461838958785, 7.619979027891532, 7.247179836034775, 7.76829271693714, 7.8906508749350905, 7.354821625398472, 7.598514144076034, 7.294890537858009, 7.246350538218394, 7.346982709132135, 7.574397776508704, 7.56303833052516, 7.79203916946426, 7.419514834182337, 7.641870638355613, 7.959208386251703, 7.521055015735328, 7.910420144209638, 7.719982089241967, 7.443977367831394, 7.57805825676769, 7.044944969471544, 7.956930027576163, 7.184422673191875, 7.15939595294185, 7.015638925833628, 7.80503369262442, 7.080978486221284, 7.216656478354707, 7.867455641273409, 7.271349627757445, 7.463626409647986, 7.867257387377322, 7.211251450702548, 7.192918043816462, 7.857694494538009, 7.942941067740321, 7.539750504307449, 7.939408195903525, 7.457883802475408, 7.286020178580657, 7.063142471481115, 7.91323077166453, 7.963195980293676, 7.667238891124725, 7.214848367031664, 7.977648566011339, 7.68350477819331, 7.257821987150237, 7.170549669070169, 7.277579904301092, 7.068534729769453, 7.016065041068941, 7.3555053730960935, 7.717640283284709, 7.596484073670581, 7.523733012145385, 7.5718509261496365, 7.379855817183852, 7.7101041111163795, 7.292228782083839, 7.644154415698722, 7.7712101333308965, 7.150783794466406, 7.9442113800905645, 7.245192989939824, 7.637674378231168, 7.480557973962277, 7.411990081192926, 7.968780285911635, 7.4764598910696805, 7.349540596129373, 7.005446346709505, 7.003033257788047, 7.319925730116665, 7.636364913079888, 7.344213030999526, 7.1971068859566, 7.151037210831419, 7.75819409172982, 7.422985690180212, 7.738224507076666, 7.614306048257276, 7.081570801325142, 7.535954768070951, 7.336519185220823, 7.946067335084081, 7.540218477137387, 7.2958252497483045, 7.884740880923346, 7.439829541137442, 7.392808380769566, 7.849515262059867, 7.924205755349249, 7.768722290638834, 7.2534357940312475, 7.322732294211164, 7.372312299441546, 7.126358127687126, 7.039090717677027, 7.219404060160741, 7.871562034823, 7.74281083769165, 7.1939928364008665, 7.028613900765777, 7.593458397546783, 7.161270693875849, 7.600196905666962, 7.54230305342935, 7.682704217033461, 7.095984909683466, 7.4451256326865405, 7.993060768349096, 7.3899099852424115, 7.719691778533161, 7.621129729319364, 7.552805436542258, 7.454956276807934, 7.409260121174157, 7.783045549178496, 7.310222149128094, 7.031310722697526, 7.792721877573058, 7.612922084284946, 7.21794135007076, 7.941578755388036, 7.1877186603378505, 7.914698569569737, 7.112207297701389, 7.628536113770679, 7.422047465341166, 7.027136735850945, 7.012192336842418, 7.24403467704542, 7.0852469825185835, 7.885904878377914, 7.723818347090855, 7.296247628284618, 7.920911907684058, 7.4312696878332645, 7.958859443897381, 7.379095661919564, 7.7453528684563935, 7.031001889845356, 7.168330838670954, 7.344412142410874, 7.5955694175790995, 7.526020001154393, 7.093680292367935, 7.6090850254986435, 7.047413998749107, 7.612489566905424, 7.607898473739624, 7.957721397746354, 7.7751121239271015, 7.429348486941308, 7.025505030993372, 7.892576250014827, 7.592938612215221, 7.560766695532948, 7.523791079642251, 7.960272632073611, 7.542251497739926, 7.0269451211206615, 7.979779148939997, 7.912931364495307, 7.973718326538801, 7.507809972157702, 7.729282676242292, 7.420664822682738, 7.895961283938959, 7.964576365193352, 7.661251714453101, 7.227454743115231, 7.97606767877005, 7.561472293455154, 7.724297227105126, 7.84942249651067, 7.301387607585639, 7.35443833982572, 7.499019994866103, 7.730119754327461, 7.901919312775135, 7.673758635297418, 7.236589090898633, 7.337083754129708, 7.276510902214795, 7.54082164959982, 7.259439425775781, 7.176092787645757, 7.474365641595796, 7.029358942294493, 7.431008212734014, 7.918044267222285, 7.024911864893511, 7.9863975427579135, 7.096945211989805, 7.940004643984139, 7.236110686557367, 7.036150203086436, 7.292602201923728, 7.647593402303755, 7.949969090521336, 7.699445730540901, 7.357076618587598, 7.683389356359839, 7.159833460114896, 7.899569964269176, 7.598615115508437, 7.019598560640588, 7.507107966346666, 7.5632530462462455, 7.578849017154425, 7.232015739195049, 7.531211310066283, 7.769065550994128, 7.236898958217353, 7.781243566423655, 7.984650814440101, 7.556638576788828, 7.9271148757543415, 7.908150797476992, 7.498513991944492, 7.989494428271428, 7.377364819869399, 7.4855608094949275, 7.859993095509708, 7.881272339029238, 7.4819508558139205, 7.969689694931731, 7.024075834546238, 7.244368868181482, 7.837826473405585, 7.697234648978338, 7.047207310097292, 7.200125199044123, 7.901471560820937, 7.813943199580535, 7.756119676632807, 7.7220329192932695, 7.227161274291575, 7.248581171035767, 7.992206213064492, 7.712846466340125, 7.757940275128931, 7.517437845468521, 7.274476241553202], "z": [0.692039355635643, 0.32710686419159174, 0.7112037595361471, 0.15778461401350796, 0.043450027238577604, 0.14520007790997624, 0.7641246656421572, 0.15584968822076917, 0.16364352800883353, 0.28955688094720244, 0.26478502503596246, 0.8599840560927987, 0.21967244590632617, 0.5645636143162847, 0.7909964851569384, 0.1970067396759987, 0.4743637666106224, 0.5197311935480684, 0.8891433468088508, 0.1871680086478591, 0.07121023465879261, 0.032221133820712566, 0.6216079422738403, 0.8931966996751726, 0.845748892519623, 0.14446603832766414, 0.03632255317643285, 0.5819184086285532, 0.86933080595918, 0.7809318886138499, 0.3468895177356899, 0.7493737123440951, 0.6920133184175938, 0.39615664375014603, 0.0817797991912812, 0.8473746092058718, 0.025774375069886446, 0.47487756377086043, 0.08545700972899795, 0.7882082473952323, 0.0479169599711895, 0.6087046060711145, 0.5313575873151422, 0.4205403008963913, 0.06847448064945638, 0.36062114452943206, 0.33318972820416093, 0.3121651285327971, 0.8851341165136546, 0.7630642026197165, 0.6258230099920183, 0.14262985228560865, 0.2372125426772982, 0.024334563175216317, 0.653282415587455, 0.7149203307926655, 0.3836853646207601, 0.5054375007748604, 0.5362071166746318, 0.5713777772616595, 0.09033468971028924, 0.07054176670499146, 0.39019334129989147, 0.6761340908706188, 0.012694659177213907, 0.7747359031345695, 0.2922628845553845, 0.9585797195322812, 0.4788285328540951, 0.8776217927224934, 0.5840258740354329, 0.8038697647862136, 0.622374715982005, 0.8315091219265014, 0.8941681659780443, 0.7351625540759414, 0.8563499664887786, 0.40761779458262026, 0.9772517462261021, 0.2940511582419276, 0.5916723550762981, 0.11558465473353863, 0.06651678681373596, 0.9052995480597019, 0.019665666157379746, 0.07894276035949588, 0.4972072693053633, 0.1332240579649806, 0.9481115816161036, 0.6140324978623539, 0.8589436826296151, 0.40412639221176505, 0.8812640504911542, 0.6456692363135517, 0.13189304573461413, 0.4829784780740738, 0.5932916621677577, 0.17053728527389467, 0.3395171721931547, 0.9309068047441542, 0.16218861658126116, 0.450826795771718, 0.4119755723513663, 0.5665287363808602, 0.088495381642133, 0.3441201155073941, 0.5511758299544454, 0.6077552367933095, 0.16119297966361046, 0.5694585707969964, 0.4939661300741136, 0.5560359500814229, 0.8329488504678011, 0.7591736172325909, 0.3106722340453416, 0.28976125828921795, 0.580111346906051, 0.25983318756334484, 0.5910560907796025, 0.4314050292596221, 0.05828946107067168, 0.8328745015896857, 0.3971693208441138, 0.8708503758534789, 0.7585124368779361, 0.7710814282763749, 0.2788198874332011, 0.9929432477802038, 0.5946999425068498, 0.14484991249628365, 0.7124246556777507, 0.16998412017710507, 0.38118778937496245, 0.5229401760734618, 0.8525851080194116, 0.055680448189377785, 0.5472787313628942, 0.5130243427120149, 0.8000497478060424, 0.0574283036403358, 0.051345629850402474, 0.28649819316342473, 0.5425136364065111, 0.2232915402855724, 0.32437599543482065, 0.8029223601333797, 0.030326470732688904, 0.5860445182770491, 0.2680140477605164, 0.7310747397132218, 0.3504874638747424, 0.1081209173426032, 0.4156748952809721, 0.14188496605493128, 0.31513052014634013, 0.10615446954034269, 0.3569557718001306, 0.8706677157897502, 0.07428312883712351, 0.8147393332328647, 0.8941956097260118, 0.4350960107985884, 0.8024241861421615, 0.7935785592999309, 0.49715513130649924, 0.95962213142775, 0.4878941073548049, 0.881161515135318, 0.5523907449096441, 0.43786547146737576, 0.5767254421953112, 0.7177832331508398, 0.36442724941298366, 0.15718267392367125, 0.9059434488881379, 0.569752549752593, 0.6292618287261575, 0.3825783815700561, 0.9477171150501817, 0.2871945158112794, 0.7407395511399955, 0.21989692840725183, 0.45287835062481463, 0.5096923457458615, 0.41094246809370816, 0.1288287474308163, 0.8425699612125754, 0.3456196361221373, 0.8900020669680089, 0.16808842099271715, 0.7377824170980603, 0.9732678774744272, 0.94091193145141, 0.9414983280003071, 0.4249570770189166, 0.7819844991900027, 0.4056138675659895, 0.6430027415044606, 0.31422788510099053, 0.1021658112294972, 0.7053148946724832, 0.10046384623274207, 0.48837328469380736, 0.47327140416018665, 0.8491458310745656, 0.4202503429260105, 0.5274634058587253, 0.5975321570876986, 0.19488350418396294, 0.45109221641905606, 0.29785899445414543, 0.34965158347040415, 0.8099943115375936, 0.624588371720165, 0.6950320228934288, 0.2047463257331401, 0.4669956632424146, 0.09218098525889218, 0.9223918619100004, 0.22959342040121555, 0.30053300596773624, 0.12455049343407154, 0.39032071526162326, 0.4957581062335521, 0.14217990566976368, 0.5671515895519406, 0.7171537394169718, 0.6107070825528353, 0.33340689865872264, 0.20649718469940126, 0.21190919587388635, 0.9595712705049664, 0.08647757000289857, 0.7407923226710409, 0.4361582219135016, 0.4384666094556451, 0.40140178706496954, 0.9377574110403657, 0.07202952285297215, 0.9610443054698408, 0.526847145985812, 0.34776228410191834, 0.978629236575216, 0.4722880953922868, 0.8304856498725712, 0.1179755546618253, 0.12914020661264658, 0.9175626763608307, 0.6072781344410032, 0.14294176851399243, 0.998352327151224, 0.9202824295498431, 0.7595339184626937, 0.46556415245868266, 0.17933221254497766, 0.13224217551760375, 0.053300778614357114, 0.47322401334531605, 0.8862175093963742, 0.6222969631198794, 0.9287489324342459, 0.7193825771100819, 0.24720095051452518, 0.0700986806768924, 0.7199185893405229, 0.38940780819393694, 0.714898697566241, 0.08283673017285764, 0.1591946987900883, 0.245839174836874, 0.6141665817704052, 0.8696823911741376, 0.06783951027318835, 0.40507048089057207, 0.5326035104226321, 0.5893738449085504, 0.7206542843487114, 0.1153128242585808, 0.9516923606861383, 0.1807390251196921, 0.21056049270555377, 0.7206446048803627, 0.5774115135427564, 0.7191791709046811, 0.6741348460782319, 0.7529907261487097, 0.9675545401405543, 0.7676774396095425, 0.14345020148903131, 0.5780891175381839, 0.5833581581246108, 0.770289056468755, 0.528207435971126, 0.8511231634765863, 0.19775882991962135, 0.39623719244264066, 0.8225273878779262, 0.17104023648425937, 0.22200597659684718, 0.6549073504284024, 0.31105068349279463, 0.21182090789079666, 0.12679243832826614, 0.4470685876440257, 0.007602101657539606, 0.59980339393951, 0.3551650911103934, 0.6007107426412404, 0.5645837988704443, 0.5020196076948196, 0.11220296053215861, 0.17832632176578045, 0.7746814070269465, 0.40584202157333493, 0.43012016848661005, 0.7566555845551193, 0.31497918255627155, 0.22586013237014413, 0.8790166852995753, 0.9228933092672378, 0.6801202422939241, 0.5962962182238698, 0.5242446495685726, 0.5300039935391396, 0.4712058436125517, 0.12269684160128236, 0.7380500093568116, 0.602918254211545, 0.2841766157653183, 0.7790834745392203, 0.593111605849117, 0.7200561084318906, 0.7436397273559123, 0.8236024524085224, 0.2375057644676417, 0.32674059248529375, 0.839025967521593, 0.08021099539473653, 0.2015485088340938, 0.7323281290009618, 0.08392795245163143, 0.22099103801883757, 0.048788089072331786, 0.9513017621356994, 0.5312775876373053, 0.5173749157693237, 0.917332636192441, 0.3950941681396216, 0.9478664596099406, 0.3320244746282697, 0.4653029215987772, 0.9307743608951569, 0.9055201490409672, 0.6600489583797753, 0.2164416725281626, 0.5314736452419311, 0.025268156779929996, 0.7781874369829893, 0.4636186296120286, 0.19629065738990903, 0.5218989779241383, 0.2626919101458043, 0.05300227552652359, 0.06548656593076885, 0.8544860226102173, 0.946431428194046, 0.10735786333680153, 0.2634680753108114, 0.03445510193705559, 0.7933896332979202, 0.7847198226954788, 0.2498374478891492, 0.5239551491104066, 0.7945728474296629, 0.283674908336252, 0.9680557588580996, 0.3225711409468204, 0.01967610022984445, 0.5429585329256952, 0.6887918766587973, 0.6043891753070056, 0.20239851041696966, 0.9032853245735168, 0.08098443667404354, 0.35408329288475215, 0.2686966033652425, 0.4323306903243065, 0.885368884773925, 0.35257820482365787, 0.4459355107974261, 0.6401647944003344, 0.7089788904413581, 0.9018582825083286, 0.3592222423758358, 0.880330951185897, 0.41857319115661085, 0.9324483468662947, 0.8974899344611913, 0.5374702201224864, 0.7069801827892661, 0.8282324823085219, 0.9335656494367868, 0.4164398575667292, 0.8839568656403571, 0.9947179625742137, 0.4734929788392037, 0.7557542235590518, 0.36831320240162313, 0.24504819558933377, 0.2661884243134409, 0.41527108615264297, 0.6522373592015356, 0.8311443137936294, 0.31915448419749737, 0.09870635299012065, 0.4774255370721221, 0.5133275790140033, 0.523111033719033, 0.15217280737124383, 0.14468362065963447, 0.14630094659514725, 0.7011295368429273, 0.5443357317708433, 0.9719327564816922, 0.3565983606968075, 0.02358899312093854, 0.8961993856355548, 0.9018090004101396, 0.5142201334238052, 0.6624323655851185, 0.7389260742347687, 0.911221178015694, 0.11981913773342967, 0.8195205288939178, 0.1617892251815647, 0.7031653297599405, 0.16032188409008086, 0.19772208365611732, 0.4605798586271703, 0.2898393915966153, 0.44873877451755106, 0.7214607053902, 0.4221429070457816, 0.9963450287468731, 0.4820679915137589, 0.5848141517490149, 0.49369240598753095, 0.44182573538273573, 0.7026666707824916, 0.9496075653005391, 0.09374742791987956, 0.33058196818456054, 0.2704426911659539, 0.013245386304333806, 0.23070816625840962, 0.04854314145632088, 0.12683866498991847, 0.776297819102183, 0.06122664571739733, 0.8487357329577208, 0.8756612103898078, 0.7018195115961134, 0.9176602722145617, 0.20483090658672154, 0.672533331438899, 0.9174250708892941, 0.617799639236182, 0.48867986956611276, 0.047716952627524734, 0.0364108644425869, 0.3895752062089741, 0.9491563502233475, 0.372979890787974, 0.3407480188179761, 0.014917221618816257, 0.685770469950512, 0.08570470893755555, 0.21735706878826022, 0.4783279213588685, 0.23238256620243192, 0.7818873473443091, 0.6030488901305944, 0.8700930611230433, 0.8273115335032344, 0.8772662128321826, 0.423085825284943, 0.46624337532557547, 0.3470660075545311, 0.9002963767852634, 0.14416419342160225, 0.17217340786010027, 0.31585261574946344, 0.07330263894982636, 0.38614617357961833, 0.6515069559682161, 0.059039241867139935, 0.852463360177353, 0.12298581888899207, 0.5084421499632299, 0.7367898104712367, 0.5923219611868262, 0.19721378688700497, 0.7115627997554839, 0.12785456888377666, 0.8754957066848874, 0.5515509962569922, 0.7008430045098066, 0.09068636875599623, 0.2766296276822686, 0.6826759588439018, 0.8442478314973414, 0.9699900180567056, 0.8715830908622593, 0.15810393844731152, 0.2629560006316751, 0.07543190172873437, 0.12303248792886734, 0.8099214329849929, 0.36588152684271336, 0.696276837727055, 0.9452474934514612, 0.33883680612780154, 0.4375737840309739, 0.902104439213872, 0.13109194650314748, 0.7070833682082593, 0.808837236603722, 0.14862653031013906, 0.29564669728279114, 0.9025228419341147, 0.8516867777798325, 0.9297303629573435, 0.4504560709465295, 0.9860148495063186, 0.43074394250288606, 0.304497609147802, 0.5811841618269682, 0.7599673748482019, 0.578397077973932, 0.4447078739758581, 0.29590886854566634, 0.3129009031690657, 0.07412056718021631, 0.5612929752096534, 0.2460666517727077, 0.25241186772473156, 0.3312467159703374, 0.9977633161470294, 0.6457995565142483, 0.9999374323524535, 0.6865669048856944, 0.3908400977961719, 0.666306683793664, 0.7330682051833719, 0.998458597343415, 0.7409770181402564, 0.6035608036909252, 0.3419139308389276, 0.20831803558394313, 0.04684872506186366, 0.31167635321617126, 0.9433807211462408, 0.16202246397733688, 0.327365092234686, 0.5778713126201183, 0.4688655296340585, 0.2739843425806612, 0.9710640122648329, 0.9947794582694769, 0.7933985947165638, 0.9997698932420462, 0.9512554735410959, 0.26627925015054643, 0.739568151300773, 0.9057876111473888, 0.5392410797066987, 0.1511648604646325, 0.05915069812908769, 0.3530286892782897, 0.4292426493484527, 0.7624480868689716, 0.8682193430140615, 0.6814317549578846, 0.34527302416972816, 0.35584173374809325, 0.15878702839836478, 0.6129194099921733, 0.5324181530158967, 0.5264488370157778, 0.48278670012950897, 0.9257600749842823, 0.7616724276449531, 0.7542053549550474, 0.7506409329362214, 0.5163234956562519, 0.9138449621386826, 0.29154201317578554, 0.8408414819277823, 0.4551788086537272, 0.09941025357693434, 0.3308538538403809, 0.9153690587263554, 0.5174042787402868, 0.4490729789249599, 0.07716242200694978, 0.6787272212095559, 0.7463471016380936, 0.46748088602907956, 0.5640966757200658, 0.7042873508762568, 0.9767141337506473, 0.044080466497689486, 0.14720233366824687, 0.6904006309341639, 0.5203371744137257, 0.9757621032185853, 0.15793635020963848, 0.20400970010086894, 0.2538925788830966, 0.08162649418227375, 0.47414480918087065, 0.12790466309525073, 0.8698650642763823, 0.0035795618314296007, 0.15536633552983403, 0.6541246706619859, 0.4317098665051162, 0.720497076632455, 0.024417645996436477, 0.5293503908906132, 0.8221078622154891, 0.7203751157503575, 0.5064515867270529, 0.9527616838458925, 0.8843908703420311, 0.6337001253850758, 0.4847442505415529, 0.5887054521590471, 0.7310534713324159, 0.11217606323771179, 0.6130597472656518, 0.3714587725698948, 0.06515404535457492, 0.4660774930380285, 0.18851502984762192, 0.7432699620258063, 0.9537631091661751, 0.4937790986150503, 0.824420919874683, 0.04202352208085358, 0.5892291157506406, 0.08371994108892977, 0.5700973588973284, 0.836072979029268, 0.10829077032394707, 0.6378842880949378, 0.5251721949316561, 0.1707642008550465, 0.23697494040243328, 0.030033878283575177, 0.2023018600884825, 0.3348550791852176, 0.5820018202066422, 0.14882376603782177, 0.9316500390414149, 0.6667039825115353, 0.08505218382924795, 0.7564130919054151, 0.7408468425273895, 0.10610000765882432, 0.7883005426265299, 0.2546161508653313, 0.38473932980559766, 0.29682215116918087, 0.16219129273667932, 0.2701101212296635, 0.02547298022545874, 0.5597387666348368, 0.9791417748201638, 0.07728535030037165, 0.9170414248947054, 0.8964601224288344, 0.9580499813891947, 0.85615797014907, 0.24353373236954212, 0.5137207179795951, 0.4862729902379215, 0.9641939895227551, 0.686568557517603, 0.6572097758762538, 0.3587150317616761, 0.38235591794364154, 0.0694944451097399, 0.26580868754535913, 0.43587728776037693, 0.9360284099821001, 0.8427350353449583, 0.7000921086873859, 0.04085998050868511, 0.8374051901046187, 0.004256920190528035, 0.402682546293363, 0.0861194571480155, 0.09738315432332456, 0.5288039559964091, 0.4947602504398674, 0.22944470611400902, 0.7280075806193054, 0.6970353156793863, 0.7382103323470801, 0.3968082603532821, 0.9303280315361917, 0.20000484539195895, 0.564393148291856, 0.5739392964169383, 0.6738943788222969, 0.2937340831849724, 0.940897524356842, 0.2792176818475127, 0.4695527337025851, 0.5036737299524248, 0.2837822106666863, 0.23354961420409381, 0.8416140303015709, 0.46372175170108676, 0.9403302154969424, 0.004076178185641766, 0.06777834286913276, 0.8914452353492379, 0.019788983510807157, 0.5454132440499961, 0.9447922920808196, 0.30790465394966304, 0.23507044417783618, 0.5584235792048275, 0.14557914901524782, 0.7030761281494051, 0.8691489945631474, 0.864651438780129, 0.014107904862612486, 0.5413166892249137, 0.5246028734836727, 0.5687139700166881, 0.7231120457872748, 0.2129274313338101, 0.18544966587796807, 0.23457330325618386, 0.8223664450924844, 0.7103383326902986, 0.7799585550092161, 0.3123540284577757, 0.4296645652502775, 0.32105111004784703, 0.992980657145381, 0.49617739114910364, 0.839289368595928, 0.1712087206542492, 0.4459966889116913, 0.23484702175483108, 0.6604371883440763, 0.8973675505258143, 0.7166458705905825, 0.3097612124402076, 0.18339827959425747, 0.7346221832558513, 0.28787346463650465, 0.5813533840700984, 0.23228464764542878, 0.46422764705494046, 0.027609290089458227, 0.09305668529123068, 0.9595748321153224, 0.28055408620275557, 0.37937274132855237, 0.3803013921715319, 0.09435237501747906, 0.3826247835531831, 0.5093070799484849, 0.11864166427403688, 0.4611693548504263, 0.8990955266635865, 0.919553353684023, 0.6785098512191325, 0.651128337951377, 0.043209609342738986, 0.007371342508122325, 0.5102829642128199, 0.0037633327301591635, 0.7390244044363499, 0.48276460310444236, 0.3520600881893188, 0.1770692286081612, 0.6939458611886948, 0.42401136038824916, 0.8191113425418735, 0.10069180675782263, 0.41050030454061925, 0.05597051465883851, 0.4611889107618481, 0.8850634640548378, 0.8468954937998205, 0.5722058357205242, 0.8835965290199965, 0.3563035086262971, 0.7187994914129376, 0.0954393558204174, 0.45168047258630395, 0.8072306155227125, 0.38083239807747304, 0.3166962373070419, 0.2826448450796306, 0.394450596999377, 0.4218225160147995, 0.8272303980775177, 0.2395933116786182, 0.11295029614120722, 0.5444804737344384, 0.658791926689446, 0.5003472832031548, 0.6098039769567549, 0.609977996442467, 0.29171358817256987, 0.9533340076450258, 0.5105288838967681, 0.3390225116163492, 0.9852782057132572, 0.39878545026294887, 0.9203900361899287, 0.9369866966735572, 0.39691541995853186, 0.7406709485221654, 0.4782516425475478, 0.4764076767023653, 0.6298269983381033, 0.5516491367015988, 0.730620764894411, 0.424209903459996, 0.9595652075950056, 0.7941496609710157, 0.3548835979308933, 0.10732235107570887, 0.4096163846552372, 0.8224378661252558, 0.22756575653329492, 0.516894310247153, 0.40713057457469404, 0.5446888129226863, 0.2757581025362015, 0.9502906859852374, 0.53564308071509, 0.6146714093629271, 0.3305284900125116, 0.4075900516472757, 0.4483784541953355, 0.8875476643443108, 0.14147271192632616, 0.28658528556115925, 0.612318639177829, 0.4875820626039058, 0.41508806496858597, 0.5838694768026471, 0.7128922112751752, 0.6735977465286851, 0.5469602379016578, 0.5692324340343475, 0.1803201751317829, 0.5827727233991027, 0.06727522262372077, 0.5744634796865284, 0.5301929069682956, 0.4608544479124248, 0.9600648614577949, 0.45697267912328243, 0.09290256816893816, 0.3757006460800767, 0.5575879332609475, 0.7654988095164299, 0.6639825070742518, 0.1371698505245149, 0.281113950535655, 0.2681866632774472, 0.8536753023508936, 0.9442815091460943, 0.3636301476508379, 0.5346503846812993, 0.6366256084293127, 0.7266927768941969, 0.6560146533884108, 0.06757584400475025, 0.00879165343940258, 0.3846743213944137, 0.8702099865768105, 0.8365285282488912, 0.6915392111986876, 0.651619678363204, 0.4786803633905947, 0.4236458232626319, 0.9837316703051329, 0.3376259356737137, 0.5379296895116568, 0.25157152442261577, 0.629893945530057, 0.11624684138223529, 0.7618747497908771, 0.4505647071637213, 0.00010145362466573715, 0.028980803675949574, 0.7494735470972955, 0.21399710001423955, 0.9462651684880257, 0.7064453191123903, 0.6787543767131865, 0.47244053333997726, 0.2829514208715409, 0.616902515059337, 0.6744057170581073, 0.38553834543563426, 0.8531704251654446, 0.64709756616503, 0.1769355374854058, 0.8347064077388495, 0.906895829597488, 0.9662272415589541, 0.5483586802147329, 0.38014743756502867, 0.16787014715373516, 0.6360851109493524, 0.2411775798536837, 0.9624044245574623, 0.29660756909288466, 0.8986534015275538, 0.5919741063844413, 0.07428751327097416, 0.6155792684294283, 0.7925509107299149, 0.03349024546332657, 0.35647939424961805, 0.3880233154632151, 0.7120206230320036, 0.6223594690673053, 0.6364509130362421, 0.29615292814560235, 0.5547130608465523, 0.21220760676078498, 0.8155634677968919, 0.2540396729018539, 0.3943871068768203, 0.7269127971958369, 0.19790606177411973, 0.3895618193782866, 0.4103523390367627, 0.36114153964444995, 0.8594965511001647, 0.6283375059720129, 0.47824265342205763, 0.4092084760777652, 0.9009454743936658, 0.7287816065363586, 0.2259592921473086, 0.7680323389358819, 0.5965301569085568, 0.47245279094204307, 0.5128997897263616, 0.5704492749646306, 0.21841831039637327, 0.07737365853972733, 0.24340542405843735, 0.5391161884181201, 0.5626712534576654, 0.5828885536175221, 0.30239137867465615, 0.45040617091581225, 0.6712892467621714, 0.8711874189320952, 0.3552794505376369, 0.42644125618971884, 0.7687637216877192, 0.29671651194803417, 0.49054300924763083, 0.14247394003905356, 0.9974132727365941, 0.8381986983586103, 0.1042415825650096, 0.10354659473523498, 0.6318529420532286, 0.8566719179507345, 0.8357227535452694, 0.8611572014633566, 0.48864659667015076, 0.6960280735511333, 0.025578591274097562, 0.23566237674094737, 0.3698122117202729, 0.8124699578620493, 0.295372020220384, 0.7640577312558889, 0.4518704954534769, 0.03953561489470303, 0.26664044125936925, 0.6987310599070042]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#1f78b4", "name": "B", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}], "options": {"save_image": false, "range": {"y": [-4.5, 5.5], "x": [0.0, 10.0], "z": [-4.5, 5.5]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"viz64788ddd-c65a-4069-9baa-3c0e3fbdec89",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"viz64788ddd-c65a-4069-9baa-3c0e3fbdec89",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="viz64788ddd-c65a-4069-9baa-3c0e3fbdec89"></div>
      </body>
    </html>



.. raw:: html

    
    <script>
     function searchCell(uuid){
       var n = IPython.notebook.ncells();
       for(var i=0; i<n; i++){
         var cell = IPython.notebook.get_cell(i);
         if(typeof cell../images/tutorial9_area != "undefined"){
           var outputs = cell../images/tutorial9_area.outputs.filter(function(out){
    console.log("Hi!");
             var html = out.data["text/html"];
             if(typeof html == "undefined")return false;
             if(html.includes(uuid))return true;
             return false;
           });
           if(outputs.length>0)return cell;
         }
       }
       return null;
     }
    
     var vis_id = "viz64788ddd-c65a-4069-9baa-3c0e3fbdec89";
     var my_uuid = "png21949434-5a8b-4167-bb8a-8a231156a5bf";
     var vis_div = d3.select("#" + vis_id);
     var my_div =  d3.select("#" + my_uuid);
    
     var canvas = vis_div.select("canvas").node();
     var context = canvas.getContext("experimental-webgl", {preserveDrawingBuffer: true});
     var uri = canvas.toDataURL('image/png');
    
     my_div.append("img").attr("src", uri);
    
     window.setTimeout(function(){
     if(typeof window.IPython != "undefined"){
       try{
         var html = my_div.node().outerHTML;
         var cell = searchCell(my_uuid);
         if(cell == null)throw new Error("The cell whose id is " + my_uuid + " not found.");
         cell../images/tutorial9_area.outputs[0].data["text/html"] = html;
       }
       catch(e){
         console.warn("Maybe the front-end API of Jupyter has changed. message:" + e.message);
       }
     }
    }, 0);
     
    </script>
    <div id="png21949434-5a8b-4167-bb8a-8a231156a5bf"></div>
        


On a different note, there is a reason not to set ``Integer3(0, 0, 0)``
or ``Integer3(9, 0, 0)``. In E-Cell4, basically we adopt periodic
boundary condition for everything. So the forementioned two subvolumes
are actually adjoining.

After realizing the location expected, simulate it with
``MesoscopicSimulator``.

.. code:: python

    sim = meso.MesoscopicSimulator(w)
    obs1 = NumberObserver(('A', 'B', 'C'))  # XXX: saves the numbers after every steps
    sim.run(5, obs1)
    viz.plot_number_observer(obs1)



.. image:: ./images/tutorial9_31_0.png


.. code:: python

    viz.plot_world(w, radius=0.025)



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://d3js.org/d3.v3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
             Elegans: [
               'https://cdn.rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/15e85b0dafdb6f09181c1ee2f0c47218f6fd698d/release/elegans.min',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.2843991075642407, 0.7235628883354366, 0.5304412303958088, 0.34252355224452913, 0.6928853648714721, 0.5320604897569865, 0.22194246388971806, 0.4302509888075292, 0.1670699177775532, 0.8195528218057007, 0.2231738220434636, 0.6636250789742917, 0.9931760127656162, 0.7844356487039477, 0.31716683483682573, 0.47311824932694435, 0.2133724840823561, 0.03037262801080942, 0.9727290626615286, 0.3275228813290596, 0.25555069744586945, 0.5439245023299009, 0.4211874797474593, 0.7729184834752232, 0.897499781800434, 0.4800871331244707, 0.08938564569689333, 0.07451755390502512, 0.680348650785163, 0.5740500881802291, 0.9259964276570827, 0.2074730913154781, 0.23930688225664198, 0.1401751241646707, 0.8793127634562552, 0.8099197284318507, 0.8989486377686262, 0.08923909137956798, 0.6126889083534479, 0.33128364104777575, 0.4007022753357887, 0.12761797616258264, 0.43808500561863184, 0.2329748454503715, 0.6583189838565886, 0.11847798270173371, 0.7912803471554071, 0.992573092924431, 0.7428513101767749, 0.6872605970129371, 0.38850003853440285, 0.3781113859731704, 0.9257050834130496, 0.8441608012653887, 0.9827334391884506, 0.521891879150644, 0.5746488822624087, 0.41569393780082464, 0.5190783049911261, 0.19701073737815022, 0.014911835314705968, 0.8186487865168601, 0.6049372765701264, 0.07431447389535606, 0.5093650561757386, 0.3714895760640502, 0.18729055859148502, 0.14517582370899618, 0.6922296504490077, 0.839947693515569, 0.45777001534588635, 0.22804560139775276, 0.5875660062301904, 0.3694676875602454, 0.8026849548332393, 0.18527560611255467, 0.06808100384660065, 0.9087916994467378, 0.9816978501621634, 0.016130072064697742, 0.8879079960752279, 0.4590217065997422, 0.04703689878806472, 0.01662258361466229, 0.13829711941070855, 0.6125235948711634, 0.30326552828773856, 0.8632210954092443, 0.4766266508959234, 0.519689952256158, 0.8163193387445062, 0.7859556318726391, 0.5172341521829367, 0.5137719495687634, 0.5155073567293584, 0.4453375660814345, 0.8885602978989482, 0.7368103556800634, 0.6831447817385197, 0.8709846585988998, 0.879389809910208, 0.3700854857452214, 0.3854665267281234, 0.40510548814199865, 0.5907225329428911, 0.3193083596415818, 0.14427444688044488, 0.7003488431219012, 0.17780161858536303, 0.7947390659246594, 0.9334863878320903, 0.029483785154297948, 0.9931193585507572, 0.8608127036131918, 0.47559951012954116, 0.07039306592196226, 0.6669088280759752, 0.8373071730602533, 0.7196813349146396, 0.9358846861869097, 0.25892562814988196, 0.184002289082855, 0.41005251719616354, 0.6733238964807242, 0.5726956678554416, 0.584634349681437, 0.8441367158666253, 0.591160316253081, 0.8569500609301031, 0.3225870546884835, 0.21457145898602903, 0.08910968317650259, 0.6467519283760339, 0.5109704749193043, 0.23889069724828005, 0.20067244744859636, 0.16485539264976978, 0.9612665094900876, 0.045436501735821366, 0.7490845927968621, 0.7471866991836578, 0.16934853768907487, 0.10007373592816293, 0.05157696013338864, 0.8723068991675973, 0.5166587166022509, 0.2646913828793913, 0.5607392981182784, 0.5661020986735821, 0.6282711420208216, 0.4801338587421924, 0.7215526329819113, 0.44773200689814985, 0.879188394639641, 0.3377594619523734, 0.8658428718335927, 0.08043082850053906, 0.8030355831142515, 0.4788047391921282, 0.9116246846970171, 0.8043393359985203, 0.18357294402085245, 0.14654839970171452, 0.6352209423203021, 0.7802340814378113, 0.8452268994878978, 0.8248438346199691, 0.9228934629354626, 0.5170183549635112, 0.2009345826227218, 0.05479940562509, 0.9482910130172968, 0.8764758824836463, 0.7419208041392267, 0.7126413490623236, 0.16661125584505498, 0.41021663206629455, 0.33137356489896774, 0.37099891365505755, 0.8434749571606517, 0.04490211163647473, 0.36825795704498887, 0.631519689457491, 0.11179934930987656, 0.748849255265668, 0.9489652344491333, 0.7270929152145982, 0.07284124987199903, 0.43372511747293174, 0.3102553174830973, 0.94153668358922, 0.31523969816043973, 0.4472526384051889, 0.29197956691496074, 0.2729992598760873, 0.9403399315197021, 0.25366893713362515, 0.07324622198939323, 0.8358045562636107, 0.38537912582978606, 0.8791418694891036, 0.8824003324843943, 0.07144079939462245, 0.0202429611235857, 0.5405242657288909, 0.912482738494873, 0.982088630553335, 0.8589066043496132, 0.003558480180799961, 0.7975365985184908, 0.31983758811838925, 0.8094821532722563, 0.5899774483405054, 0.6930855803657323, 0.5414564225357026, 0.24663391313515604, 0.9766377746127546, 0.2299924804829061, 0.0676712638232857, 0.8979417411610484, 0.8650697234552354, 0.5766249119769782, 0.10921988496556878, 0.23436553706414998, 0.5576273507904261, 0.6599491653032601, 0.14188201283104718, 0.29616795643232763, 0.24427292519249022, 0.21223029145039618, 0.41823488124646246, 0.6791970301419497, 0.404984675347805, 0.8609899643342942, 0.15615081624127924, 0.6361442601773888, 0.9687921770382673, 0.20572570385411382, 0.04431697283871472, 0.05022141383960843, 0.9909844440408051, 0.17048483225516975, 0.6438239524140954, 0.5763508449308574, 0.9719746387563646, 0.7199695236049592, 0.2827464190777391, 0.5705061401240528, 0.16431302344426513, 0.11117775249294937, 0.8426312131341547, 0.7776355294045061, 0.501865376951173, 0.8460718856658787, 0.6098807689268142, 0.2893598924856633, 0.46525902301073074, 0.9201920400373638, 0.568545661168173, 0.8574774011503905, 0.05644671618938446, 0.6825900082476437, 0.7739321182016283, 0.5702529363334179, 0.49193352088332176, 0.18628204031847417, 0.7853339100256562, 0.9423830420710146, 0.22200727765448391, 0.2567310482263565, 0.8051646067760885, 0.730816125171259, 0.1504135187715292, 0.5448107779957354, 0.6616670223884284, 0.7271614877972752, 0.6722717205993831, 0.2951855342835188, 0.34615456336177886, 0.8864356614649296, 0.47767420019954443, 0.8993569314479828, 0.2897349167615175, 0.40784647734835744, 0.4093139376491308, 0.43517088051885366, 0.22023274935781956, 0.18008805182762444, 0.4467208497226238, 0.2202779883518815, 0.15055648679845035, 0.4026201243977994, 0.8517821731511503, 0.7317563018295914, 0.5184864136390388, 0.37217733543366194, 0.39149219170212746, 0.36101507931016386, 0.7421431122347713, 0.5037665267009288, 0.5320066979620606, 0.9636931985151023, 0.8788669386412948, 0.3652068763040006, 0.5448428969830275, 0.1433630734682083, 0.9707696649711579, 0.19155961787328124, 0.1622228715568781, 0.005489678354933858, 0.5740234926342964, 0.2999675397295505, 0.6641572285443544, 0.31730047008022666, 0.953306507319212, 0.8383456694427878, 0.628558391937986, 0.1768499247264117, 0.8904375920537859, 0.22187803429551423, 0.20380007685162127, 0.18254752247594297, 0.7582650785334408, 0.22326656547375023, 0.9843927484471351, 0.669484959449619, 0.8937118407338858, 0.5326703076716512, 0.4785612700507045, 0.08632677351124585, 0.9841414534021169, 0.21462491154670715, 0.3158597741276026, 0.12652697530575097, 0.03415840235538781, 0.3500296091660857, 0.08359903027303517, 0.5085336721967906, 0.14122263970784843, 0.847988025052473, 0.2834583125077188, 0.7205662822816521, 0.25744477077387273, 0.5055865931790322, 0.2980119006242603, 0.8003930964041501, 0.2998015289194882, 0.9168389693368226, 0.3111376012675464, 0.4238492625299841, 0.8914017609786242, 0.4407506473362446, 0.9077864554710686, 0.25803924817591906, 0.9654285402502865, 0.022707281168550253, 0.26805945159867406, 0.5082363518886268, 0.8950002084020525, 0.8926134032662958, 0.5668961219489574, 0.5743166308384389, 0.771825174568221, 0.19309974159114063, 0.16871951334178448, 0.17633290705271065, 0.6771463279146701, 0.3328517731279135, 0.2900302610360086, 0.37694099289365113, 0.5477350084111094, 0.5064484744798392, 0.3168296730145812, 0.19100771006196737, 0.45321622816845775, 0.44336021784693, 0.31386418361216784, 0.7259322972968221, 0.3161921517457813, 0.5887707301881164, 0.19810952991247177, 0.6163334404118359, 0.33203245629556477, 0.6957973842509091, 0.331150560406968, 0.9570348779670894, 0.9633288297336549, 0.17457430204376578, 0.5344379995949566, 0.23071901593357325, 0.12693944433704019, 0.7143501495011151, 0.1428764620795846, 0.4076560842804611, 0.6542059814091772, 0.8446983592584729, 0.49471920961514115, 0.004374856827780604, 0.7423053805250674, 0.746584799606353, 0.1427534909453243, 0.28873957321047783, 0.4401755433063954, 0.5486757061444223, 0.6221436089836061, 0.42502399533987045, 0.3180667127016932, 0.13523761299438775, 0.33560770214535296, 0.7957684497814626, 0.8145435263868421, 0.19900059909559786, 0.9331726303789765, 0.18316074181348085, 0.11333146505057812, 0.8535798045340925, 0.8741552128922194, 0.1744468230754137, 0.9192898997571319, 0.7150606808718294, 0.47022151038981974, 0.8220304725691676, 0.301846427610144, 0.2532954625785351, 0.042073855409398675], "x": [0.9502900287043303, 0.10969255026429892, 0.6988421911373734, 0.14005661546252668, 0.4498529410921037, 0.09249942260794342, 0.5957614269573241, 0.25919134449213743, 0.38089335430413485, 0.09495918941684067, 0.14731602044776082, 0.13861433998681605, 0.10072155250236392, 0.6661533187143505, 0.6153792608529329, 0.13063820218667388, 0.8859991286881268, 0.6951729985885322, 0.2100063671823591, 0.2017077577766031, 0.5997329994570464, 0.28722037514671683, 0.42999399336986244, 0.41988988663069904, 0.15088827651925385, 0.24472404178231955, 0.45052792876958847, 0.10304377134889364, 0.007172705139964819, 0.6224879880901426, 0.23940173676237464, 0.8488750662654638, 0.37945349467918277, 0.9673292059451342, 0.8626022790558636, 0.21720529277808964, 0.8642890895716846, 0.2968965582549572, 0.666043936740607, 0.09378753649070859, 0.9339120264630765, 0.8633527401834726, 0.03244470851495862, 0.7970466241240501, 0.233332286356017, 0.3682767474092543, 0.6900669790338725, 0.38857807382009923, 0.645624108845368, 0.17833327176049352, 0.07222353806719184, 1.8945634556002915, 1.999428343726322, 1.9598257718607783, 1.2490273455623537, 1.2400413493160158, 1.7482316268142313, 1.4714749264530838, 1.707350208191201, 1.7793898291420192, 1.6987852472811937, 1.8417192823253572, 1.1913455803878605, 1.4259635331109166, 1.3816769625991583, 1.9247266966849566, 1.7836711602285504, 1.6199779375456274, 1.1502068750560284, 1.8384369353298098, 1.0746098307427019, 1.0621939543634653, 1.7506284301634878, 1.449069136986509, 1.7556251059286296, 1.2593787622172385, 1.9630730866920203, 1.2417471043299884, 1.9731452497653663, 1.66176667669788, 1.0447596383746713, 1.000350998248905, 1.0236258651129901, 1.6773188118822873, 1.441089361673221, 1.1399450222961605, 1.9023710484616458, 1.157666392158717, 1.9728462176863104, 1.8795439747627825, 1.5265870625153184, 1.8796534477733076, 1.8408852654974908, 1.6631212800275534, 1.5285787715110928, 1.4988240266684443, 1.5753477131947875, 1.9328407291322947, 1.5983884616289288, 1.6532237716019154, 1.17296230699867, 1.4695596846286207, 1.9676621111575514, 1.9561337444465607, 1.964127087732777, 1.8274783573579043, 1.9919621201697737, 1.0329996182117611, 1.1366579849272966, 1.4916883800178766, 1.427395841339603, 1.0329464853275567, 1.2517018306534737, 1.2466603661887348, 1.0900192465633154, 1.039907661266625, 1.9033405669033527, 1.7226346877869219, 1.6460310630500317, 1.5746892937459052, 1.2518079350702465, 1.490002727136016, 1.2367154548410326, 1.0989150442183018, 1.5521705246064812, 1.5313356798142195, 1.4392749266698956, 1.626544942613691, 1.1511931638233364, 1.2286093409638852, 1.5998384112026542, 2.9665903453715146, 2.9185742584522814, 2.2485476990696043, 2.113835890311748, 2.528523847926408, 2.79579643253237, 2.8931351802311838, 2.902037996100262, 2.3221417772583663, 2.8058004265185446, 2.783867701422423, 2.761003013467416, 2.366202916484326, 2.282102950848639, 2.363009941065684, 2.466232948936522, 2.121794464997947, 2.479858233826235, 2.239421526901424, 2.8567858047317713, 2.1338321010116488, 2.9506031677592546, 2.4913633493706584, 2.9194977066945285, 2.609216469572857, 2.882575867930427, 2.4711863538250327, 2.702536263037473, 2.638615074334666, 2.153286079643294, 2.1394313145428896, 2.9056652614381164, 2.1273889145813882, 2.460414242465049, 2.8515557788778096, 2.4079161174595356, 2.3438628336880356, 2.2973447132389992, 2.817892500432208, 2.2983396721538156, 2.5253015484195203, 2.2729950801003724, 2.452367458725348, 2.1763903952669352, 2.0713406547438353, 2.5435637310147285, 2.122921314323321, 2.3725132080726326, 2.0788017886225134, 2.7833716098684818, 2.654879632871598, 2.590622024377808, 2.514875622699037, 2.795057584764436, 2.441282942891121, 2.1575562928337604, 2.681327356491238, 2.8834911729209125, 2.5087185287848115, 2.6889814753085375, 2.0674314748030156, 2.9556455314159393, 2.1643366867210716, 2.991847842000425, 2.01946356613189, 2.9874825982842594, 2.9800854730419815, 2.7572390644345433, 2.6272889971733093, 2.098462136927992, 2.228127202251926, 2.1488803022075444, 2.9838357616681606, 2.46592942555435, 2.9288330578710884, 2.7529912933241576, 2.5600788274314255, 2.6740231532603502, 2.5854341364465654, 2.526245801942423, 2.609762310050428, 2.8245115156751126, 2.646600052015856, 2.7428634345997125, 2.1574989107903093, 2.0659593250602484, 3.9999141092412174, 3.673072407953441, 3.8157497581560165, 3.1034451704472303, 3.149493504082784, 3.924843259388581, 3.070876848883927, 3.3490651207976043, 3.4753345670178533, 3.378229648573324, 3.543857259908691, 3.760454955045134, 3.984777288278565, 3.853429806418717, 3.4115663182456046, 3.1411103885620832, 3.792628528783098, 3.140560164116323, 3.939323866274208, 3.2953657093457878, 3.6410037828609347, 3.317410868825391, 3.973263091640547, 3.8647433570586145, 3.974317730870098, 3.2997252966742963, 3.6726737692952156, 3.2325981818139553, 3.24941188772209, 3.7610451106447726, 3.1114517864771187, 3.26055451692082, 3.420870896661654, 3.0228765700012445, 3.0439951489679515, 3.925355664687231, 3.7939027880784124, 3.839774222113192, 3.116391177289188, 3.3680583925452083, 3.7785725789144635, 3.0276085815858096, 3.8647406108211726, 3.989998862380162, 3.533545261248946, 3.25699293310754, 3.776801829924807, 3.4488277696073055, 3.978086644317955, 3.602475865976885, 3.678906178800389, 3.9952096345368773, 3.8257463451009244, 3.0159513398539275, 3.635830261046067, 3.110140590928495, 3.9503783939871937, 3.695527374977246, 3.0175859045702964, 3.430673116352409, 3.342583558987826, 3.776737989857793, 3.82230188138783, 3.255800004582852, 3.4741801430936903, 3.4609286810737103, 3.6336853171233088, 3.4509485869202763, 3.578251964878291, 3.3022794525604695, 3.2815822577103972, 3.583735161460936, 3.754035430494696, 3.5244006847497076, 3.0398448989726603, 3.9962983953300864, 3.8384488860610873, 3.8903310953173786, 3.501151187578216, 3.2629630204755813, 3.660038693342358, 3.0130826821550727, 4.637020290829241, 4.958842011168599, 4.478200369747356, 4.224305474199355, 4.994327767053619, 4.018980901921168, 4.591444675344974, 4.210144609678537, 4.327975107589737, 4.149795033270493, 4.422772572841495, 4.403052291600034, 4.522652375511825, 4.30428411369212, 4.057612140895799, 4.9455373517703265, 4.4037396216299385, 4.186235195258632, 4.947304153582081, 4.618174892151728, 4.990782641572878, 4.033307706937194, 4.319748479640111, 4.856223668903112, 4.657678451389074, 4.04287652275525, 4.581025893799961, 4.13545759790577, 4.802556990180165, 4.455058158375323, 4.7959848418831825, 4.913412973517552, 4.344826504820958, 4.336564584169537, 4.480902068549767, 4.071698392741382, 4.141716172220185, 4.135812366148457, 4.715529305161908, 4.685741887195036, 4.495521130040288, 4.044698469573632, 4.951061082305387, 4.531057059299201, 4.550681305583566, 4.700114326551557, 4.442078945459798, 4.5454927769023925, 4.193838460138068, 4.633366637164727, 4.442734640324488, 4.72410463867709, 5.552240191027522, 5.683950562030077, 5.562755798222497, 5.08366211107932, 5.87664039270021, 5.7074072698596865, 5.457231804728508, 5.121251491596922, 5.629928293405101, 5.168774626916274, 5.170333255082369, 5.868731718510389, 5.089284339454025, 5.725591818103567, 5.899353538872674, 5.408713399898261, 5.133262604242191, 5.254600869724527, 5.931697982130572, 5.830052418867126, 5.87308621709235, 5.666128901299089, 5.818185841664672, 5.9439134993590415, 6.802630852442235, 6.41352403559722, 6.987516477005556, 6.9116909524891526, 6.112438671756536, 6.086425354005769, 6.74280272400938, 6.032018709694967, 6.700352581683546, 6.8978614886291325, 7.800335225416347, 7.552449167938903, 7.004385195672512, 7.3932346305809915, 7.3624198217876256, 7.805192939937115, 8.035922817420214, 8.66291706613265, 8.233523358823732, 8.815198568627238, 8.07903746701777, 8.004430409986526, 8.993443741230294, 8.748278710292652, 8.808670642087236, 8.3295189763885, 9.734246843727306, 9.380244908854365, 9.142145208315924, 9.596964119933546, 9.723829695256427, 9.194766606204212, 9.01686195214279, 9.411911353236064, 9.45704607735388, 9.591079557780176, 9.111378277186304, 9.581991812447086, 9.961795726325363, 9.9452105963137, 9.135659447172657, 9.835884816246107, 9.422446933807805, 9.620883406605572, 9.234532420290634, 9.390399182215333, 9.952431042212993, 9.684085245709866, 9.52384143252857, 9.318547926610336], "z": [0.43535267002880573, 0.5591304020490497, 0.8606547489762306, 0.22341597662307322, 0.7495461280923337, 0.8694442403502762, 0.7670926081482321, 0.003908876795321703, 0.5754519707988948, 0.5897302571684122, 0.5249798651784658, 0.052661206340417266, 0.529143889201805, 0.4938588996883482, 0.8069174303673208, 0.1677100935485214, 0.3392543466761708, 0.6306999258231372, 0.4749673758633435, 0.4565238254144788, 0.01774904248304665, 0.7577904358040541, 0.7721982630901039, 0.4908550619147718, 0.13538058963604271, 0.92717179749161, 0.3420829677488655, 0.3657153795938939, 0.9691893400158733, 0.3588953574653715, 0.7871941970661283, 0.663525978801772, 0.8943486930802464, 0.6891405016649514, 0.4609795077703893, 0.1696253572590649, 0.6293733725324273, 0.26988115534186363, 0.5884604428429157, 0.46909344545565546, 0.9283564467914402, 0.5219275478739291, 0.4696719846688211, 0.9957856377586722, 0.9282220359891653, 0.009753501508384943, 0.4500560949090868, 0.9768625549040735, 0.46301543223671615, 0.06069027981720865, 0.07147622061893344, 0.7951906267553568, 0.7359177477192134, 0.2968857104424387, 0.26218506949953735, 0.7131846132688224, 0.8636085875332355, 0.6500935945659876, 0.6249871873296797, 0.9333050162531435, 0.7391610965132713, 0.7970709090586752, 0.6649441653862596, 0.028964248951524496, 0.17336382460780442, 0.6759075748268515, 0.36363870883360505, 0.8331346202176064, 0.1422129557467997, 0.9912052846048027, 0.7926742834970355, 0.16470503737218678, 0.14263752265833318, 0.3237284617498517, 0.5933671165257692, 0.26351187424734235, 0.44571177870966494, 0.9354096790775657, 0.9622490399051458, 0.24158219411037862, 0.24121507932431996, 0.44360878854058683, 0.7295211246237159, 0.5581951471976936, 0.6397903440520167, 0.7701603197492659, 0.03619394125416875, 0.9890196758788079, 0.8001452202443033, 0.4036524682305753, 0.6558356063906103, 0.6904194531962276, 0.42154631251469254, 0.09618302481248975, 0.6446355562657118, 0.5263289283029735, 0.7585477684624493, 0.14479094091802835, 0.3251461214385927, 0.6846348368562758, 0.9214292010292411, 0.21379601676017046, 0.4819665818940848, 0.7220811003353447, 0.6653781752102077, 0.3245481215417385, 0.5377669248264283, 0.41009231307543814, 0.1502014840953052, 0.27181074605323374, 0.491162464953959, 0.4418057631701231, 0.5882150384131819, 0.5223210924305022, 0.13392245792783797, 0.5229028563480824, 0.2944508099462837, 0.20865951501764357, 0.3841368134599179, 0.22399298287928104, 0.02958966908045113, 0.5394709545653313, 0.4271331506315619, 0.5936611485667527, 0.7172066774219275, 0.052802545484155416, 0.13832219853065908, 0.7546335787046701, 0.6270528784953058, 0.24352364148944616, 0.792696823598817, 0.772232981165871, 0.723876295145601, 0.13986767805181444, 0.2223876214120537, 0.4944185810163617, 0.11753051867708564, 0.1509994335938245, 0.5126683502458036, 0.7792590840253979, 0.0438753382768482, 0.05850141984410584, 0.7650248534046113, 0.5718918736092746, 0.22929167421534657, 0.923105837777257, 0.04460964258760214, 0.9650299372151494, 0.11227030912414193, 0.2566478871740401, 0.10813927068375051, 0.007376475026831031, 0.5766398913692683, 0.7006657070014626, 0.7828076579608023, 0.17784153227694333, 0.5760672490578145, 0.40557403373531997, 0.6752751090098172, 0.8874939086381346, 0.6950378550682217, 0.7034959429875016, 0.9019375836942345, 0.9070953612681478, 0.5674728902522475, 0.773600802058354, 0.027484354795888066, 0.7422328686807305, 0.4057095614261925, 0.8892770486418158, 0.3929262086749077, 0.26436434080824256, 0.5561247996520251, 0.7291999789886177, 0.7468851187732071, 0.40930617740377784, 0.28424805612303317, 0.6886400999501348, 0.9966030581854284, 0.7567338841035962, 0.11340635665692389, 0.2203873237594962, 0.1503893679473549, 0.32967070885933936, 0.6318197844084352, 0.5135013666003942, 0.4928833453450352, 0.2202393962070346, 0.9352389238774776, 0.6198181647341698, 0.731375249568373, 0.5302833304740489, 0.9461836183909327, 0.017073096707463264, 0.2991523917298764, 0.5316381617449224, 0.6887460749130696, 0.827941975556314, 0.7814248646609485, 0.1571037513203919, 0.03794228844344616, 0.13628477696329355, 0.030162757029756904, 0.5061033328529447, 0.8340918913017958, 0.19058192940428853, 0.7580391718074679, 0.1648072914686054, 0.37675454025156796, 0.3922212531324476, 0.6252536876127124, 0.40906330686993897, 0.40773196844384074, 0.7714298591017723, 0.35540867410600185, 0.6254974796902388, 0.4300111320335418, 0.28143717534840107, 0.023210923187434673, 0.5491335217375308, 0.3171177308540791, 0.8751662082504481, 0.9773590650875121, 0.5539058241993189, 0.4432466118596494, 0.9460404489655048, 0.6168484874069691, 0.8772443407215178, 0.7939570927992463, 0.8803897534962744, 0.8604351235553622, 0.8679551519453526, 0.11769885732792318, 0.598704666364938, 0.26154131651856005, 0.36481550708413124, 0.017824647715315223, 0.9834864935837686, 0.19846265413798392, 0.17813259013928473, 0.7425094163045287, 0.44466177746653557, 0.5764373240526766, 0.037832378409802914, 0.27331797941587865, 0.7638642659876496, 0.9536845050752163, 0.2869523777626455, 0.8386875421274453, 0.6035542627796531, 0.2240054295398295, 0.054997457191348076, 0.9456406054086983, 0.8291179006919265, 0.13716026698239148, 0.5939413700252771, 0.9406913188286126, 0.31869834614917636, 0.8068777981679887, 0.18002513702958822, 0.05373511812649667, 0.19828700902871788, 0.6781118621584028, 0.8891834141686559, 0.4410189737100154, 0.27440374065190554, 0.2805462530814111, 0.6603465809021145, 0.19995276373811066, 0.8003876444417983, 0.37160369800403714, 0.8044050589669496, 0.7819697088561952, 0.2508678443264216, 0.2783038322813809, 0.4266891807783395, 0.6638743272051215, 0.8380988205317408, 0.41525895171798766, 0.6278681010007858, 0.14078196394257247, 0.7918382287025452, 0.3684681395534426, 0.5431035049259663, 0.203592489939183, 0.1071309051476419, 0.2128533087670803, 0.1059215497225523, 0.2556609041057527, 0.034768003737553954, 0.826677487930283, 0.2447709352709353, 0.17249264265410602, 0.04470437369309366, 0.3513073679059744, 0.9161339937709272, 0.05682090250775218, 0.24178964039310813, 0.7508931069169194, 0.43452573381364346, 0.9618498955387622, 0.5937638159375638, 0.019892061362043023, 0.02411958295851946, 0.23823634441941977, 0.30858096247538924, 0.3780845447909087, 0.0032440845388919115, 0.7273895910475403, 0.37773992912843823, 0.748884404078126, 0.25731941778212786, 0.952988252742216, 0.04882551357150078, 0.3381796043831855, 0.42062611086294055, 0.6226091985590756, 0.42773735732771456, 0.5276701305992901, 0.9008388540241867, 0.5228862939402461, 0.19445066386833787, 0.9896072652190924, 0.09204937657341361, 0.9543254459276795, 0.619525876827538, 0.39801587676629424, 0.48942594951950014, 0.6389443555381149, 0.3851181687787175, 0.501769243972376, 0.9475005860440433, 0.6916381865739822, 0.37353031570091844, 0.8449290927965194, 0.08624377776868641, 0.15916393604129553, 0.9931391850113869, 0.2610530504025519, 0.4340612222440541, 0.07873297249898314, 0.23172649112530053, 0.7679562584962696, 0.927698657149449, 0.7846745427232236, 0.7445041330065578, 0.8801630828529596, 0.018854600843042135, 0.006058894330635667, 0.32564671500585973, 0.38302923389710486, 0.8557547994423658, 0.21442905883304775, 0.15025038830935955, 0.19459270173683763, 0.864216729067266, 0.8063743375241756, 0.8824520993512124, 0.14122817758470774, 0.22110583819448948, 0.17868437338620424, 0.3069582893513143, 0.5145799166057259, 0.133207805454731, 0.21406370191834867, 0.1186493148561567, 0.7496234604623169, 0.30449178814888, 0.8626351153943688, 0.5959077978041023, 0.7085556453093886, 0.6362305891234428, 0.38439517514780164, 0.3071728276554495, 0.2773420938756317, 0.1397734226193279, 0.46771910367533565, 0.12337331054732203, 0.0723278138320893, 0.23520066984929144, 0.5320278701838106, 0.4992549216840416, 0.4697808350902051, 0.40709151490591466, 0.42939605354331434, 0.2521885400637984, 0.9081939237657934, 0.3429663344286382, 0.3843603453133255, 0.5172494775615633, 0.207295871572569, 0.3965055993758142, 0.5021157013252378, 0.3190112332813442, 0.33908277028240263, 0.7199023347347975, 0.22673842054791749, 0.5489903320558369, 0.9412532562855631, 0.2564242226071656, 0.4652616404928267, 0.6154779221396893, 0.6488227469380945, 0.5207511798944324, 0.969989130506292, 0.7732849640306085, 0.728392802644521, 0.2470314810052514, 0.6087919205892831, 0.4973403438925743, 0.41787815862335265, 0.17499668337404728, 0.5297163666691631, 0.1667834424879402, 0.20378615660592914, 0.0819609509781003, 0.5047388880047947, 0.11536632268689573, 0.13749178685247898, 0.5132056567817926, 0.22393872658722103, 0.4650791280437261, 0.5991701339371502, 0.8917368967086077, 0.567657811800018]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#a6cee3", "name": "A", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}, {"data": {"y": [0.6198358847759664, 0.6708514413330704, 0.6314134837593883, 0.48602926451712847, 0.44722271733917296, 0.7661510771140456, 0.11317600542679429, 0.20748119172640145, 0.9239815638866276, 0.8719696199987084, 0.42579614371061325, 0.5111070866696537, 0.22473367978818715, 0.3776874430477619, 0.7332576282788068, 0.8113625352270901, 0.49833990214392543, 0.8437708313576877, 0.3409284420777112, 0.4562226915732026, 0.6203286156523973, 0.5949773064348847, 0.16091658221557736, 0.6388080616015941, 0.23624166753143072, 0.3918830764014274, 0.7420338434167206, 0.08198811486363411, 0.45842593465931714, 0.8344639667775482, 0.6317521608434618, 0.7805068499874324, 0.5963114113546908, 0.609753514174372, 0.6837594204116613, 0.06483960151672363, 0.8847101600840688, 0.6068602418527007, 0.6315059538464993, 0.36949937348254025, 0.16751859383657575, 0.22761935065500438, 0.6354885012842715, 0.9728379505686462, 0.6641236525028944, 0.25743977283127606, 0.7417066858615726, 0.9215591782703996, 0.7875467815902084, 0.2947482415474951, 0.53862498793751, 0.39264508429914713, 0.2969315389636904, 0.7345004761591554, 0.10630974173545837, 0.5384862010832876, 0.9336149587761611, 0.32875611260533333, 0.687747306888923, 0.7782662862446159, 0.42589376005344093, 0.5734287861268967, 0.01168118603527546, 0.837603771360591, 0.4093505088239908, 0.07819151016883552, 0.9584753117524087, 0.7979323680046946, 0.34845022833906114, 0.7487372104078531, 0.22942135343328118, 0.7911617255304009, 0.12608064408414066, 0.6020881475415081, 0.44313142937608063, 0.5779608099255711, 0.6682592059951276, 0.12642447603866458, 0.7431403957307339, 0.4369034473784268, 0.44393534981645644, 0.7636045862454921, 0.40384928276762366, 0.8912186392117292, 0.8115891811903566, 0.911591200158, 0.5554727613925934, 0.49132718006148934, 0.10753801208920777, 0.6677565660793334, 0.8566079535521567, 0.6326092011295259, 0.05741867539472878, 0.3083493639715016, 0.5052633276209235, 0.7049035525415093, 0.2435156472492963, 0.09669195092283189, 0.7452910346910357, 0.022883855737745762, 0.9856981919147074, 0.5857319948263466, 0.2921211502980441, 0.06610265211202204, 0.45505015831440687, 0.26292703207582235, 0.9611382677685469, 0.15334418695420027, 0.9502503862604499, 0.29152341559529305, 0.6341568198986351, 0.4390832141507417, 0.2984303296543658, 0.3742777572479099, 0.9976219411473721, 0.7529361993074417, 0.6974205665756017, 0.6638976172544062, 0.9437228213064373, 0.3324664526153356, 0.19639458158053458, 0.9255343019030988, 0.37649389496073127, 0.7067677844315767, 0.16099183540791273, 0.005197320599108934, 0.15228128666058183, 0.842289456166327, 0.9323310705367476, 0.6683320691809058, 0.8089549706783146, 0.7373564168810844, 0.4738960114773363, 0.8684386839158833, 0.651682889321819, 0.9564242605119944, 0.7505698369350284, 0.2041331953369081, 0.515042353887111, 0.8016489464789629, 0.5713728382252157, 0.8915292450692505, 0.1866279160603881, 0.6209980035200715, 0.9641191188711673, 0.6902196684386581, 0.7986053447239101, 0.17683529667556286, 0.33665743516758084, 0.7119096680544317, 0.52100441721268, 0.6292105938773602, 0.022012195782735944, 0.7169560813345015, 0.1371400016359985, 0.26874500373378396, 0.8604932909365743, 0.1525236894376576, 0.7069229239132255, 0.38413636665791273, 0.19557896768674254, 0.44244439364410937, 0.6616665180772543, 0.4239314191509038, 0.743684965884313, 0.07572513236664236, 0.3129378389567137, 0.0811790048610419, 0.4688352062366903, 0.0428202748298645, 0.35263882647268474, 0.570676778210327, 0.6039863231126219, 0.8070237117353827, 0.7801051391288638, 0.9767083290498704, 0.5627107778564095, 0.12354093394242227, 0.8659986201673746, 0.8712603936437517, 0.1419092353899032, 0.9496522783301771, 0.6569538398180157, 0.7056605305988342, 0.5539812620263547, 0.14594256854616106, 0.9617771676275879, 0.3330167126841843, 0.10116556100547314, 0.9597060894593596, 0.755563844460994, 0.3791215606033802, 0.5132981447968632, 0.9048599933739752, 0.6451388101559132, 0.8389622687827796, 0.573281362419948, 0.26169491093605757, 0.560109794838354, 0.8856265449430794, 0.02217155951075256, 0.05876355757936835, 0.06361184874549508, 0.09779532719403505, 0.45973661728203297, 0.9536411196459085, 0.1264626830816269, 0.9650084760505706, 0.12060149270109832, 0.0037797146942466497, 0.39487501373514533, 0.18944470444694161, 0.7169346001464874, 0.14768769615329802, 0.018340047681704164, 0.4488217309117317, 0.8459024988114834, 0.789558389922604, 0.00027602165937423706, 0.8731796720530838, 0.6934183922130615, 0.11683928593993187, 0.4526249112095684, 0.6378903398290277, 0.8693532077595592, 0.7499860911630094, 0.9068031320348382, 0.23492247122339904, 0.12140605645254254, 0.33894086349755526, 0.7807722412981093, 0.6371746198274195, 0.28890579706057906, 0.8668312109075487, 0.4819848684128374, 0.16607836168259382, 0.702844703104347, 0.2848179377615452, 0.9453396610915661, 0.7050254086498171, 0.7632988388650119, 0.927059592679143, 0.11544353049248457, 0.4125359293539077, 0.8412791437003762, 0.4518366779666394, 0.9629849519114941, 0.8885569949634373, 0.054661159636452794, 0.1145870010368526, 0.9997614959720522, 0.0597027454059571, 0.5588699181098491, 0.1787452648859471, 0.12358060944825411, 0.6974218669347465, 0.7882279048208147, 0.11908410838805139, 0.4681694039609283, 0.7488204620312899, 0.34972744598053396, 0.8867296329699457, 0.22900751838460565, 0.366111486684531, 0.2376108719035983, 0.6624476404394954, 0.05868505290709436, 0.6306178076192737, 0.7973916872870177, 0.0723430362995714, 0.6624463824555278, 0.14125911705195904, 0.9719152865000069, 0.5951554416678846, 0.08203991060145199, 0.39340504561550915, 0.039900391828268766, 0.5115041246172041, 0.2443029114510864, 0.5228195514064282, 0.4630931515712291, 0.07168669579550624, 0.4636940017808229, 0.9411732065491378, 0.6395958045031875, 0.3179658520966768, 0.6319724239874631, 0.297909255605191, 0.05898913857527077, 0.3263150257989764, 0.8767646139021963, 0.5874095924664289, 0.25286878389306366, 0.7584525872953236, 0.1277825878933072, 0.3674407640937716, 0.6348377019166946, 0.14638948673382401, 0.5958900831174105, 0.393378138076514, 0.09864383237436414, 0.551171854371205, 0.09904415812343359, 0.6385031519457698, 0.22824760572984815, 0.8798320004716516, 0.49076538695953786, 0.07253683661110699, 0.4507181236986071, 0.48553409706801176, 0.09769060811959207, 0.9012336069718003, 0.9148627792019397, 0.2441802341490984, 0.09418207569979131, 0.9528960147872567, 0.7749363996554166, 0.5997561258263886, 0.07714469823986292, 0.34369299188256264, 0.9258673996664584, 0.8241914133541286, 0.333361326251179, 0.14529051771387458, 0.078790667001158, 0.6028115830849856, 0.965097609674558, 0.6531756650656462, 0.6939709696453065, 0.9816737358924001, 0.9725372649263591, 0.8365393662825227, 0.09720999118871987, 0.5172080665361136, 0.028653000248596072, 0.891655518906191, 0.7006280021741986, 0.23962420178577304, 0.15369089506566525, 0.6195141898933798, 0.19916075211949646, 0.28525181859731674, 0.11833980027586222, 0.007117607863619924, 0.11160273454152048, 0.33105815201997757, 0.35576025303453207, 0.8480329187586904, 0.6102759486529976, 0.7732774645555764, 0.39723563962616026, 0.6690370470751077, 0.7594031626358628, 0.7705540205352008, 0.9644932034425437, 0.7447901319246739, 0.1565964121837169, 0.595540035283193, 0.5109952851198614, 0.20019996538758278, 0.13872597832232714, 0.6666690574493259, 0.9042377623263747, 0.8060809578746557, 0.8853871757164598, 0.9937991825863719, 0.8004076541401446, 0.7207223535515368, 0.6543051286134869, 0.9372056929860264, 0.6375059222336859, 0.13175319554284215, 0.20253179618157446, 0.8441790367942303, 0.17899910546839237, 0.004918610444292426, 0.14860084629617631, 0.6154764052480459, 0.3422952073160559, 0.21582193952053785, 0.4004958320874721, 0.5259331741835922, 0.24836069298908114, 0.26461011986248195, 0.029735937481746078, 0.77336929528974, 0.5217357710935175, 0.17864547483623028, 0.13303845841437578, 0.8997828692663461, 0.9246745542623103, 0.20107198739424348, 0.5444749461021274, 0.3431421311106533, 0.9550353472586721, 0.18070067698135972, 0.8112284718081355, 0.4062080099247396, 0.84366101375781, 0.7318361373618245, 0.44699302944354713, 0.854005089495331, 0.5261938874609768, 0.2179651854094118, 0.5927418158389628, 0.3901810518000275, 0.5878797485493124, 0.04890068154782057, 0.14759478089399636, 0.5727070400025696, 0.1661194523330778, 0.5980869976337999, 0.37000505323521793, 0.6584867760539055, 0.07115506660193205, 0.25398000073619187, 0.8070993265137076, 0.3043380680028349, 0.18024272401817143, 0.38129662722349167, 0.049551573349162936, 0.009130012011155486, 0.8001836014445871, 0.199835805920884, 0.011213750578463078], "x": [0.760909790173173, 0.2382111488841474, 0.7009928817860782, 0.911961060250178, 0.6092655705288053, 0.6917862484697253, 0.3413259549997747, 0.9123449074104428, 0.7760162395425141, 0.7270610148552805, 0.3152570065576583, 0.5173505740240216, 0.7056611515581608, 0.7722134895157069, 0.9320848854258657, 0.7544890979770571, 0.5865144291892648, 0.04802139336243272, 0.2850573684554547, 0.8642089758068323, 0.1674637352116406, 0.5264934906736016, 0.9059850659687072, 0.8200473992619663, 0.922899876954034, 1.0581483631394804, 1.2398407021537423, 1.4126997883431613, 1.8226655051112175, 1.7927364811766893, 1.58341330033727, 1.4065148867666721, 2.7163250213488936, 2.28528276598081, 2.853900451445952, 2.9265328189358115, 2.434181834338233, 2.469103123061359, 2.645608686376363, 2.4621181008405983, 2.295909431995824, 2.3479630348738283, 3.194221511017531, 3.4107012210879475, 3.201867555268109, 3.365422719856724, 3.2691946390550584, 3.4131865550298244, 3.0286409948021173, 3.1619784596841782, 3.6211049093399197, 3.99973186571151, 3.145574831403792, 3.6403555953875184, 3.466648263623938, 3.5248506204225123, 3.2980271901469678, 3.0584288011305034, 3.311281015863642, 3.9823464907240123, 3.383564429823309, 3.9623177931644022, 3.947291231714189, 3.5797738877590746, 4.180639017373323, 4.058763377601281, 4.587950460612774, 4.309292083606124, 4.126790064852685, 4.787361646769568, 4.371451990213245, 4.935959898633882, 4.794759145239368, 4.003907882142812, 4.057948827045038, 4.790200700284913, 4.674420140683651, 4.141907732468098, 4.747493075206876, 4.11893993569538, 4.021208877908066, 4.145450206240639, 4.948604370700195, 4.261040053796023, 4.035348345991224, 4.593146541621536, 4.746134513989091, 4.421397821046412, 4.220475230598822, 4.591853647958487, 4.948156920261681, 4.256627635797486, 4.825122901471332, 4.035520931473002, 4.865717243170366, 4.962322322418913, 5.688279696507379, 5.316717609530315, 5.604794799350202, 5.589905396103859, 5.694101421162486, 5.868544098455459, 5.712471145670861, 5.240075294626877, 5.8810789892449975, 5.099717154633254, 5.471175711834803, 5.627372334944084, 5.570708899758756, 5.632344338810071, 5.505945147713646, 5.440333293750882, 5.918777106096968, 5.090286894934252, 5.355401693377644, 5.485806239070371, 5.319328750949353, 5.268987403949723, 5.0358214834704995, 5.956600995967165, 5.284529577475041, 5.049181553302333, 5.2177928276360035, 5.992865131003782, 5.639321190305054, 5.029388790950179, 5.350643429905176, 5.739640340907499, 5.121409787563607, 5.861038849689066, 5.365670970873907, 5.337102659745142, 5.075264871120453, 5.455993481213227, 5.283100464614108, 5.3123931819573045, 5.160970747238025, 5.547454256564379, 5.900335821555927, 5.686999996425584, 5.736238976940513, 5.0336258774623275, 5.247473975177854, 5.563228544546291, 5.526993195060641, 5.846505661262199, 6.070154593326151, 6.640444282209501, 6.414366886951029, 6.573384139221162, 6.970426726154983, 6.290787571342662, 6.4723552404902875, 6.8116138314362615, 6.520981640322134, 6.135213345754892, 6.890175623819232, 6.845440184697509, 6.02662165928632, 6.205691057257354, 6.079736300744116, 6.918366859899834, 6.159961183555424, 6.837542838882655, 6.061831500381231, 6.261489244643599, 6.067168820882216, 6.963053215295076, 6.435589478816837, 6.789949095575139, 6.874283941229805, 6.9530182394664735, 6.379227231489494, 6.893211751244962, 6.5804101920221, 6.361070393119007, 6.983210802543908, 6.2294148351065814, 6.731716063106433, 6.403801277279854, 6.862690113950521, 6.481179473921657, 6.862310321070254, 6.914723994908854, 6.8660442512482405, 6.853839879157022, 6.924949539126828, 6.709294729633257, 6.265294486191124, 6.092727064155042, 6.2832566171418875, 6.554674671962857, 6.337312962394208, 6.310864315368235, 6.953056635567918, 6.346610577544197, 6.810710297198966, 6.10943017154932, 6.224193110363558, 6.173776415642351, 6.659508490469307, 6.172893063165247, 6.2790012075565755, 6.590435354970396, 6.252707455540076, 6.55089906626381, 6.8865403740201145, 6.887277467176318, 7.499396160943434, 7.391273052897304, 7.033360690344125, 7.931775595294312, 7.565950132906437, 7.9364120692480356, 7.591862491797656, 7.354888485278934, 7.075063339667395, 7.223848721478134, 7.736804070416838, 7.136565891560167, 7.73680405318737, 7.11888775229454, 7.955609354190528, 7.713486980414018, 7.840414601843804, 7.837501114001498, 7.746902794344351, 7.296076615108177, 7.192280510673299, 7.067581634037197, 7.538769578794017, 7.858008781680837, 7.961100863292813, 7.6396697734016925, 7.642447298625484, 7.888410580577329, 7.666374245425686, 7.265684935729951, 7.339870527852327, 7.675460133235902, 7.527846869081259, 7.226781355217099, 7.552882534218952, 7.029028061311692, 7.175471796654165, 7.033707483904436, 7.154325570212677, 7.777108121197671, 7.139950840966776, 7.09591964748688, 7.6537835511844605, 7.989451585104689, 7.401163971284404, 7.902195212896913, 7.557212311076, 7.582658455474302, 7.159588464535773, 7.246228103525937, 7.700137255946174, 7.944337269058451, 7.4535614666529, 7.453275413485244, 7.479621373349801, 7.722777312388644, 7.567749720998108, 7.586508759763092, 7.193675862392411, 7.165406095329672, 7.017171907005832, 7.064107935642824, 7.194926820928231, 7.535264708567411, 7.5091635945718735, 7.40227564284578, 7.7232897016219795, 7.229733829153702, 7.26390244718641, 7.089503057766706, 7.283205092186108, 7.133370112860575, 7.961833311012015, 7.980570706771687, 7.877829877426848, 7.589740860043094, 7.643597769085318, 7.399281732505187, 7.87480689608492, 7.176249286858365, 7.732150255702436, 7.691789662465453, 7.210968113038689, 7.650822620373219, 7.97588148387149, 7.812929323175922, 7.530400813790038, 7.0341678152326494, 7.6310686429496855, 7.920150324003771, 7.952190155861899, 7.802718127146363, 8.895426131784916, 8.44161742599681, 8.031682086875662, 8.418829815695062, 8.226747662527487, 8.425902127288282, 8.429313086904585, 8.129531604703516, 8.62741202302277, 8.432574057718739, 8.40097553562373, 8.097098554251716, 8.581555943004787, 8.489153328351676, 8.77111806650646, 8.284619972808287, 8.063277307897806, 8.54359987610951, 8.876357318134978, 8.855148740811273, 8.333305281586945, 8.288463447010145, 8.882084765704349, 8.856465155491605, 8.472523018950596, 8.911260154098272, 8.369355423143134, 8.913037135731429, 8.039527269080281, 8.970476418035105, 8.396421565674245, 8.62699661985971, 8.901703993557021, 8.041123528499156, 8.416389155900106, 8.121374496724457, 8.68079741857946, 8.338060175534338, 8.571965517476201, 8.934402788057923, 8.093030496500432, 8.667032525874674, 8.196639155969024, 8.443504557479173, 8.574094794690609, 8.722534802975133, 8.727868192596361, 8.34952556132339, 8.270580866141245, 8.9369562685024, 8.294525928329676, 8.553573233773932, 8.623276910046116, 8.770504895830527, 8.646074590738863, 8.754957443801686, 8.851665515685454, 8.55142651614733, 8.29521005996503, 8.406775172334164, 8.263079603435472, 8.56218145461753, 8.421627862378955, 8.333928113803267, 8.828584244009107, 8.54930546390824, 8.638849026989192, 8.939998506335542, 8.32946365699172, 8.470912734046578, 8.089889827882871, 8.439600692596287, 8.508552958257496, 8.83061123569496, 8.994556971592829, 8.879919869126752, 8.229993452085182, 9.225376969901845, 9.945650865789503, 9.424518518382683, 9.066215582191944, 9.330954448552802, 9.54820316657424, 9.527722049038857, 9.906618964625522, 9.385587534867227, 9.488608621060848, 9.988163243047893, 9.071390462573618, 9.646961919264868, 9.971670129336417, 9.651007395703346, 9.373229024698958, 9.699605484958738, 9.786943989340216, 9.207759514683858, 9.600895775249228, 9.720241826493293, 9.406475668307394, 9.060997111024335, 9.121367463143542, 9.182191103696823, 9.116496809059754, 9.478711441159248, 9.500893322285265, 9.222743251593783, 9.739686717046425, 9.32331912824884, 9.778153211111203, 9.45130870025605, 9.433179202256724, 9.302392774494365, 9.560368858044967, 9.321102736052126, 9.584965939400718, 9.44059185241349, 9.082335732644424, 9.196498005185276, 9.231827488401905, 9.92263907683082, 9.215844269609079, 9.89818574837409, 9.697623108280823, 9.971640734467655, 9.651043835794553], "z": [0.43010862567462027, 0.5204908545129001, 0.9060771551448852, 0.04552038782276213, 0.5034973407164216, 0.5927407410927117, 0.31387542095035315, 0.2817147602327168, 0.15435291430912912, 0.5044927471317351, 0.7677481055725366, 0.47869156720116735, 0.03608988760970533, 0.6760535128414631, 0.16961951833218336, 0.1918090577237308, 0.7640300467610359, 0.4645515743177384, 0.9203751676250249, 0.3758320852648467, 0.08795899688266218, 0.22622787323780358, 0.6677827660460025, 0.2520512053743005, 0.7807380263693631, 0.10114853992126882, 0.5565981073305011, 0.6793669445905834, 0.6262281404342502, 0.6591546121053398, 0.8949739506933838, 0.45026964601129293, 0.4555962556041777, 0.5102951538283378, 0.7496277410537004, 0.23475726903416216, 0.7380665454547852, 0.7853215339127928, 0.8354170254897326, 0.1509768171235919, 0.9692588439211249, 0.800726191373542, 0.5448881746269763, 0.8015941686462611, 0.7876328693237156, 0.588923186995089, 0.5690190247260034, 0.5476971198804677, 0.3815751043148339, 0.7295627144630998, 0.5758905068505555, 0.032868819776922464, 0.6346357613801956, 0.31542007019743323, 0.5735613505821675, 0.48477731575258076, 0.8554513321723789, 0.9872673840727657, 0.8638164182193577, 0.4627285699825734, 0.9600437991321087, 0.9883653458673507, 0.4700163744855672, 0.15041157766245306, 0.018410207238048315, 0.5292547806166112, 0.7211061385460198, 0.6182110488880426, 0.8539152606390417, 0.3671551300212741, 0.48203636636026204, 0.9088248724583536, 0.006868159165605903, 0.33683889568783343, 0.9222472638357431, 0.07071239477954805, 0.1565065102186054, 0.43711400171741843, 0.5726759298704565, 0.6429582273121923, 0.5507145351730287, 0.4848204560112208, 0.17190679907798767, 0.662645653123036, 0.19417179538868368, 0.8505864427424967, 0.6074886145070195, 0.6994057488627732, 0.7572848254349083, 0.28390839183703065, 0.795754207065329, 0.03510714787989855, 0.7565543835517019, 0.06563961575739086, 0.1963942253496498, 0.3944938341155648, 0.6593419183045626, 0.7859544306993484, 0.3580570104531944, 0.5961033832281828, 0.006019759923219681, 0.599719520425424, 0.34708870062604547, 0.9024184397421777, 0.9363244983833283, 0.49238753877580166, 0.5218540970236063, 0.9058665137272328, 0.1029791017062962, 0.8344353656284511, 0.1605275620240718, 0.6187953376211226, 0.2446139119565487, 0.3947589620947838, 0.724244306795299, 0.6000811457633972, 0.6478164384607226, 0.6396499590482563, 0.45342240505851805, 0.3974026944488287, 0.4497701593209058, 0.3304405140224844, 0.9202647246420383, 0.32950967364013195, 0.7138366056606174, 0.9894174099899828, 0.9524857311043888, 0.20355764217674732, 0.3143921915907413, 0.5545187026727945, 0.025139642413705587, 0.20074318419210613, 0.2847349576186389, 0.3144072729628533, 0.49908832111395895, 0.46441184636205435, 0.9386104405857623, 0.9324366715736687, 0.9079247221816331, 0.9867826483678073, 0.48769297474063933, 0.8037393186241388, 0.01920661423355341, 0.33940591756254435, 0.6068901903927326, 0.8871000062208623, 0.35992427566088736, 0.025538733694702387, 0.5205112241674215, 0.8646755220834166, 0.09499146742746234, 0.795949291670695, 0.808206484420225, 0.559252627659589, 0.6781727289780974, 0.7482206139247864, 0.09295805008150637, 0.5826444937847555, 0.8190249926410615, 0.09689313150011003, 0.5690474149305373, 0.7026226101443172, 0.005153005011379719, 0.6725632189773023, 0.6950759722385556, 0.8278912794776261, 0.8213164291810244, 0.6417819552589208, 0.2258339140098542, 0.7658894159831107, 0.1925476521719247, 0.2023373816628009, 0.2513878548052162, 0.07578272465616465, 0.8965473053976893, 0.3484264868311584, 0.9373982260003686, 0.2362738959491253, 0.985157173126936, 0.13633563602343202, 0.4570281773339957, 0.35903833410702646, 0.6347429964225739, 0.465126697672531, 0.13600209075957537, 0.39622394065372646, 0.9769989585038275, 0.5282195508480072, 0.2022537651937455, 0.7780536815989763, 0.194754057796672, 0.16538987425155938, 0.24882229045033455, 0.011548443930223584, 0.8902590337675065, 0.2829733262769878, 0.4245309003163129, 0.15795696224085987, 0.7583593591116369, 0.6766757622826844, 0.8555138893425465, 0.15909462072886527, 0.6748644621111453, 0.3875709120184183, 0.6686820238828659, 0.044580778339877725, 0.702869801549241, 0.5706818893086165, 0.40102194948121905, 0.9490784090012312, 0.8428080123849213, 0.13282740861177444, 0.7849610382691026, 0.622490745736286, 0.9399738139472902, 0.01663034362718463, 0.9688540503848344, 0.29469951218925416, 0.6789772659540176, 0.05053496663458645, 0.27447312278673053, 0.2628275896422565, 0.10747810150496662, 0.05568051501177251, 0.36359841586090624, 0.8320247828960419, 0.259678513975814, 0.5237849224358797, 0.16828265553340316, 0.1311871788930148, 0.8727969967294484, 0.22636396600864828, 0.03781563206575811, 0.3759021272417158, 0.2671396597288549, 0.39021269185468554, 0.6886391111183912, 0.3574552221689373, 0.5451425849460065, 0.005138887325301766, 0.0032890799921005964, 0.07730485172942281, 0.7901136095169932, 0.5580693867523223, 0.530701938085258, 0.8853085227310658, 0.1255476945079863, 0.08576088375411928, 0.8620054593775421, 0.3564782941248268, 0.8670795145444572, 0.06734217703342438, 0.12526832497678697, 0.20615567918866873, 0.2657351107336581, 0.5666831787675619, 0.7192928625736386, 0.7354548056609929, 0.5759732387959957, 0.31602658866904676, 0.8333162595517933, 0.4886690073180944, 0.3134738311637193, 0.12359920097514987, 0.9811294083483517, 0.3650247489567846, 0.9891780936159194, 0.3535788427107036, 0.021970973117277026, 0.9755997066386044, 0.37770917918533087, 0.46700558764860034, 0.9719047304242849, 0.5062615405768156, 0.35903669334948063, 0.13353126752190292, 0.9503330762963742, 0.41824754513800144, 0.4903584308922291, 0.511927355080843, 0.6461199035402387, 0.11886877566576004, 0.5599511256441474, 0.126416141865775, 0.9794810088351369, 0.7206868771463633, 0.03049926063977182, 0.7759425765834749, 0.896416398929432, 0.34833653015084565, 0.4940510515589267, 0.517479705857113, 0.07892399118281901, 0.6420644482132047, 0.18974216422066092, 0.11552733648568392, 0.40965272299945354, 0.9829690547194332, 0.761173642007634, 0.20608774083666503, 0.27146334294229746, 0.15504679456353188, 0.6497426936402917, 0.022024525329470634, 0.2895577629096806, 0.6835907765198499, 0.47000881494022906, 0.2559176899958402, 0.8387788299005479, 0.1404208445455879, 0.9611079499591142, 0.9792513325810432, 0.33070390461944044, 0.882976861204952, 0.29938910715281963, 0.8591772234067321, 0.24977097008377314, 0.3661027268972248, 0.7665877107065171, 0.33472811337560415, 0.8812460489571095, 0.600132709601894, 0.2401478581596166, 0.4063439827878028, 0.08892474975436926, 0.6398373458068818, 0.09561300440691411, 0.38139265682548285, 0.2644258209038526, 0.43021486629731953, 0.038778139278292656, 0.10813271789811552, 0.9038080715108663, 0.0803999206982553, 0.8521922568324953, 0.19631756679154932, 0.1350283974315971, 0.3676628649700433, 0.6874040693510324, 0.8862468919251114, 0.5996573430020362, 0.13046298385597765, 0.16133068758063018, 0.09677929594181478, 0.781123073771596, 0.3429060555063188, 0.09698665305040777, 0.0077934968285262585, 0.41878177551552653, 0.7203402365557849, 0.6494558628182858, 0.24079779628664255, 0.9568364783190191, 0.6636207287665457, 0.048667989671230316, 0.5717621736694127, 0.45313600869849324, 0.5559139701072127, 0.9376802435144782, 0.9944213221315295, 0.8488636817783117, 0.7249262204859406, 0.22367306845262647, 0.36376423318870366, 0.21500096819363534, 0.4402580827008933, 0.8051378279924393, 0.07987721171230078, 0.22835447057150304, 0.9769362870138139, 0.2662492007948458, 0.5071518453769386, 0.6966962134465575, 0.7838185969740152, 0.8078504903241992, 0.8687671429943293, 0.42027217824943364, 0.00878913700580597, 0.7835670947097242, 0.6567324893549085, 0.3667355072684586, 0.4043700024485588, 0.0038625283632427454, 0.1025226719211787, 0.8147347585763782, 0.4580909695941955, 0.8359006855171174, 0.10480184596963227, 0.7233015769161284, 0.3914325658697635, 0.2357571660540998, 0.4106880999170244, 0.8280006588902324, 0.3322715403046459, 0.7270397725515068, 0.5923446600791067, 0.08316917717456818, 0.16972417733632028, 0.669781252508983, 0.9178010278847069, 0.5728724226355553, 0.5602947822771966, 0.8122346866875887, 0.6960517729166895, 0.4125964995473623, 0.24734691344201565, 0.9208927003201097, 0.8784330263733864, 0.6587164653465152, 0.1852310379035771, 0.5153234675526619, 0.9573907949961722, 0.8562358589842916, 0.10320838913321495, 0.9618695012759417, 0.28680188371799886, 0.2600572018418461, 0.558749541407451, 0.4070280890446156, 0.5131666110828519, 0.3750918156001717, 0.6065208020154387, 0.7570083022583276, 0.12856982951052487, 0.39492336101830006]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#1f78b4", "name": "B", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}, {"data": {"y": [0.5877477424219251, 0.8231590536888689, 0.8283016504719853, 0.5224012543912977, 0.23952803341671824, 0.44041528226807714, 0.26911119744181633, 0.5369976917281747, 0.30233260057866573, 0.6712119015865028, 0.8995036424603313, 0.21760227461345494, 0.8270112171303481, 0.13201934285461903, 0.3953769304789603, 0.2321607111953199, 0.7769055662211031, 0.7919759806245565, 0.6259790353942662, 0.9663326118607074, 0.5793357116635889, 0.7670315690338612, 0.4136425289325416, 0.5509253030177206, 0.6890824607107788, 0.1342106598895043, 0.6791963244322687, 0.6676588419359177, 0.938757635653019, 0.09122024709358811, 0.23710881895385683, 0.46680000238120556, 0.23279726668260992, 0.6639241480734199, 0.40310718840919435, 0.060118942987173796, 0.6586184191983193, 0.03883644239977002, 0.7064416951034218, 0.4853524842765182, 0.42495308304205537, 0.9841581073123962, 0.9981167546939105, 0.08802718971855938, 0.8096412275917828, 0.005485260626301169, 0.33717487496323884, 0.5413504166062921, 0.08987501193769276, 0.9493871813174337, 0.09831285453401506, 0.1808962884824723, 0.7585794306360185, 0.5276232557371259, 0.4548763947095722, 0.25662771495990455, 0.5191868348047137, 0.8235421073623002, 0.6396355398464948, 0.31058409670367837, 0.18148073321208358, 0.6099136553239077, 0.33972755540162325, 0.3612211218569428, 0.8948019202798605, 0.09989369357936084, 0.7253893336746842, 0.29350613965652883, 0.6293936553411186, 0.17224053014069796, 0.08630723156966269, 0.5262803460936993, 0.8793365126475692, 0.5850784487556666, 0.06024989555589855, 0.42208250891417265, 0.37246001907624304, 0.8035785555839539, 0.9316585068590939, 0.06686768145300448, 0.18700697761960328, 0.2562261528801173, 0.8824715700466186, 0.23515608720481396, 0.6617465878371149, 0.010710324393585324, 0.11709202220663428, 0.09843763778917491, 0.9765726996120065, 0.515161233022809, 0.98374979570508, 0.6454276661388576, 0.2819824537727982, 0.9202623658347875, 0.022892075823619962, 0.7187564584892243, 0.4206602794583887, 0.46778340404853225, 0.6699732856359333, 0.9151831115595996, 0.24358708993531764, 0.8482552214991301, 0.41719338158145547, 0.7503015438560396, 0.37362974672578275, 0.23577551450580359, 0.3729689030442387, 0.720915203448385, 0.5364502265583724, 0.07306990888901055, 0.9576254857238382, 0.8312819448765367, 0.8282549816649407, 0.5493144821375608, 0.6014286056160927, 0.6435890549328178, 0.6302635967731476, 0.2510004723444581, 0.45840383460745215, 0.0866178791038692, 0.9595587183721364, 0.41322610480710864, 0.7765918278601021, 0.15960952849127352, 0.9714133481029421, 0.7475927125196904, 0.9243231513537467, 0.19336363370530307, 0.9872806558851153, 0.5941435375716537, 0.9689604893792421, 0.4596564138773829, 0.07982652098871768, 0.942004666198045, 0.9539520237594843, 0.3433450616430491, 0.5197566556744277, 0.14548936439678073, 0.5540595564525574, 0.049352317582815886, 0.853745035128668, 0.0028551327995955944, 0.2842207595240325, 0.953474581707269, 0.5667341891676188, 0.46832055505365133, 0.4183243024162948, 0.7402563649229705, 0.7319251936860383, 0.2239421447739005, 0.0222382175270468, 0.1527202962897718, 0.6980712502263486, 0.3750851305667311, 0.3495795277412981, 0.5212221262045205, 0.99057353194803, 0.9927978811319917, 0.7555239540524781, 0.3431861705612391, 0.10675910743884742, 0.5419727354310453, 0.037138744723051786, 0.6395705225877464, 0.7648530355654657, 0.770121117355302, 0.6070314524695277, 0.5689206994138658, 0.3095245473086834, 0.10423493990674615, 0.09830533945932984, 0.11785235372371972, 0.6187873827293515, 0.46499366592615843, 0.8542809190694243, 0.9226352928671986, 0.7030158410780132, 0.45254270220175385, 0.1662107629235834, 0.8439845333341509, 0.9498038331512362, 0.9664100469090044, 0.05022723041474819, 0.6292402136605233, 0.08241331437602639, 0.3522255797870457, 0.7064053502399474, 0.7167700650170445, 0.4719713793601841, 0.8017138787545264, 0.1398516644258052, 0.9309208656195551, 0.3581277816556394, 0.6614956285338849, 0.6173505673650652, 0.5393523783423007, 0.6173742446117103, 0.4722568371798843, 0.5786469946615398, 0.3188250386156142, 0.10362968943081796, 0.010101881576701999, 0.12468005740083754, 0.04573591356165707, 0.5296795214526355, 0.1751416833139956, 0.4213151652365923, 0.4807374954689294, 0.5055870711803436, 0.3922983768861741, 0.5293333353474736, 0.08379139611497521, 0.7370832136366516, 0.4062799601815641, 0.4756957683712244, 0.04284587665461004, 0.4817139129154384, 0.09089187206700444, 0.5287163949105889, 0.1764842972625047, 0.5289195931982249, 0.5386003232561052, 0.4819827298633754, 0.6718039005063474, 0.5436094077304006, 0.6706067102495581, 0.12125403853133321, 0.6900218701921403, 0.7788582928478718, 0.17923470260575414, 0.7663190208841115, 0.3260885844938457, 0.846429465804249, 0.5569551077205688, 0.8633020205888897, 0.952248576330021, 0.08191673457622528, 0.624446737812832, 0.07383933127857745, 0.7777981357648969, 0.4555251949932426, 0.8308598550502211, 0.03325909236446023, 0.18612664425745606, 0.6032130643725395, 0.4016607932280749, 0.9137264795135707, 0.17671344405971467, 0.49532744172029197, 0.699655010830611, 0.39186516823247075, 0.3518084844108671, 0.4110970792826265, 0.6366739894729108, 0.1671369094401598, 0.19546902063302696, 0.005486973328515887, 0.9954319652169943, 0.027718415949493647, 0.6881662246305496, 0.5532690421678126, 0.2631632639095187, 0.7566974454093724, 0.3635119297541678, 0.9078749450854957, 0.496943746926263, 0.34707673103548586, 0.038935956079512835, 0.004654055228456855, 0.9602093258872628, 0.5345719931647182, 0.035196706652641296, 0.8266824162565172, 0.8111074464395642, 0.14877052046358585, 0.27810924407094717, 0.04167148726992309, 0.5654920076485723, 0.5595577794592828, 0.7280498733744025, 0.6146704778075218, 0.7540640153456479, 0.4533107546158135, 0.10189115651883185, 0.5161686830688268, 0.5065537642221898, 0.3184766776394099, 0.7102593150921166, 0.7256700133439153, 0.49857725226320326, 0.42587992106564343, 0.7525390924420208, 0.03151963232085109, 0.8597649538423866, 0.1234658018220216, 0.35547565459273756, 0.9060688663739711, 0.7984915319830179, 0.13027163315564394, 0.8552222270518541, 0.6974615638609976, 0.1684394555632025, 0.11017359443940222, 0.9598300154320896, 0.7731557458173484, 0.5720613095909357, 0.6923070310149342, 0.8785316057037562, 0.3520641182549298, 0.7687790922354907, 0.5214442452415824, 0.06176352873444557, 0.004339107312262058, 0.45532395853661, 0.9064017198979855, 0.9870522236451507, 0.6929456531070173, 0.5733980305958539, 0.08154693152755499, 0.12567403237335384, 0.9384321656543761, 0.17595405061729252, 0.9849250295665115, 0.232125174254179, 0.39280336629599333, 0.7455819705501199, 0.6210214113816619, 0.4930851829703897, 0.8048921173904091, 0.022692774888128042, 0.583176021464169, 0.23474572342820466, 0.666375040076673, 0.3469408922828734, 0.4089798501227051, 0.8227874923031777, 0.954078083159402, 0.2537594495806843, 0.31811362970620394, 0.9190684237983078, 0.09198521124199033, 0.408495967509225, 0.3787922153715044, 0.9354331598151475, 0.6702985174488276, 0.17283327504992485, 0.4884312804788351, 0.4379679155535996, 0.8171389873605222, 0.6881873970851302, 0.43857328803278506, 0.993106643203646, 0.6091513633728027, 0.9926196245942265, 0.7050300664268434, 0.3653974807821214, 0.10406670649535954, 0.8362557960208505, 0.30258610961027443, 0.21897484245710075, 0.7118010662961751, 0.7091550182085484, 0.8012784228194505, 0.10379206971265376, 0.09864384331740439, 0.22762653697282076, 0.5155958279501647, 0.8268120661377907, 0.8740545334294438, 0.8181917127221823, 0.8486509558279067, 0.8677877930458635, 0.39025819790549576, 0.3767504335846752, 0.44756936677731574, 0.13077857624739408, 0.3321571417618543, 0.3338674549013376, 0.6305266562849283, 0.05599452229216695, 0.2867629025131464, 0.8297134048771113, 0.9511571077164263, 0.9747974795754999, 0.32127328822389245, 0.9808557063806802, 0.42531743575818837, 0.9130813039373606, 0.5466121733188629, 0.06368100340478122, 0.8303168760612607, 0.25055328058078885, 0.5741472966037691, 0.07564660627394915, 0.48047060216777027, 0.22674900479614735, 0.1786662053782493, 0.3031046276446432, 0.07801589905284345, 0.06885199923999608, 0.8914419002830982, 0.6111295376904309, 0.2094205585308373, 0.8441823704633862, 0.8589558454696089, 0.21518479171209037, 0.5567347090691328, 0.17063498264178634, 0.6663156403228641, 0.3093997845426202, 0.9736292664892972, 0.8511153778526932, 0.25345156132243574, 0.3507614422123879, 0.7004581238143146, 0.12211564206518233, 0.29038415057584643, 0.5696151445154101, 0.27979481779038906, 0.9562334853690118, 0.04505454213358462, 0.003783105406910181, 0.5322055420838296, 0.8528692512772977, 0.6179804168641567, 0.8861326626501977, 0.7254038555547595, 0.053340170066803694, 0.2428517898079008, 0.17218942614272237, 0.23489751853048801, 0.934380263555795, 0.9017982378136367, 0.3099691877141595, 0.4915303993038833, 0.6773927062749863, 0.09592869528569281, 0.07678642612881958, 0.36075324821285903, 0.16165284533053637, 0.956129458732903, 0.8812567333225161, 0.6517872726544738, 0.6599890461657196, 0.09017289150506258, 0.22698170086368918, 0.29028848046436906, 0.7994765860494226, 0.4365894701331854, 0.6637621286790818, 0.1848584502004087, 0.7762483870610595, 0.7815299211069942, 0.5907978836912662, 0.870659340871498, 0.878916067071259, 0.7063317345455289, 0.6954486907925457, 0.19424346229061484, 0.35907416697591543, 0.5046178244519979, 0.20722025376744568, 0.36717740702442825, 0.8862384227104485, 0.01920803403481841, 0.9284750770311803, 0.14078423171304166, 0.27289617038331926, 0.2700343797914684, 0.7482831096276641, 0.25380900292657316, 0.9197425076272339, 0.36176518304273486, 0.39557821373455226, 0.8537110183387995, 0.8585574903991073, 0.44666813779622316, 0.06894364184699953, 0.9173078029416502, 0.5310450680553913, 0.371423679869622, 0.22115565789863467, 0.9429024604614824, 0.20883957762271166, 0.5020203273743391, 0.7990495935082436, 0.3599240705370903, 0.3409161916933954, 0.3249859765637666, 0.5893046171404421, 0.21570765413343906, 0.2535658080596477, 0.6311504368204623, 0.37454441376030445, 0.873520675348118, 0.042489161249250174, 0.48183469637297094, 0.8636347383726388, 0.20390099403448403, 0.4384587393142283, 0.042146104853600264, 0.655738195637241, 0.28391125798225403, 0.9496941554825753, 0.8224115271586925, 0.05820933193899691, 0.5755709472578019, 0.16813479480333626, 0.5045456846710294, 0.5619281893596053, 0.5303524974733591, 0.962220300687477, 0.26243022782728076, 0.667129949433729, 0.32321000611409545, 0.36360779008828104, 0.12265100632794201, 0.43941369047388434, 0.19331322540529072, 0.171246426878497, 0.0461571307387203, 0.43835043208673596, 0.538232704391703, 0.9413931421004236, 0.27433887287043035, 0.3274234989657998, 0.7805800356436521, 0.05502657266333699, 0.46762206382118165, 0.9434398896992207, 0.9941275606397539, 0.7242231278214604, 0.969640453113243, 0.9479053686372936, 0.06111420877277851, 0.21506823552772403, 0.36035380233079195, 0.461153375916183, 0.6255024056881666, 0.47447865968570113, 0.18487882101908326, 0.7168130783829838, 0.35877926857210696, 0.5844974359497428, 0.6634148701559752, 0.19835262256674469, 0.843703645747155, 0.9801104860380292, 0.3098626737482846, 0.8606427686754614, 0.7591905023436993, 0.2802133955992758, 0.6056780281942338, 0.23809510585851967, 0.33221762301400304, 0.14878292800858617, 0.5844228367786855, 0.3321613089647144, 0.4263523295521736, 0.5340922873001546, 0.11279125744476914, 0.9233283544890583, 0.7757831392809749, 0.3941576660145074, 0.15708912583068013, 0.19102489319629967, 0.5494768465869129, 0.0751267506275326, 0.8468366593588144, 0.7262805579230189, 0.676705762045458, 0.4924812337849289, 0.6118820656556636, 0.1794089216273278, 0.3527596590574831, 0.8154778657481074, 0.06945643806830049, 0.7868713929783553, 0.0862316326238215, 0.8507152246311307, 0.9351057677995414, 0.964418345829472, 0.8987098683137447, 0.3853614826221019, 0.024896215880289674, 0.6798386401496828, 0.8641930990852416, 0.8690930814482272, 0.5789910424500704, 0.1896666141692549, 0.5130378149915487, 0.4208011731971055, 0.5853583295829594, 0.33947870531119406, 0.09520922438241541, 0.9916528828907758, 0.812764129601419, 0.714679000666365, 0.27817749860696495, 0.771346093621105, 0.3628821587190032, 0.1281270352192223, 0.9935895032249391, 0.7738166176714003, 0.5097185159102082, 0.15338178211823106, 0.38536572572775185, 0.9400282711721957, 0.5127786903176457, 0.4013684280216694, 0.7222278211265802, 0.6413493435829878, 0.365216460544616, 0.1767535659018904, 0.5365712544880807, 0.9859937252476811, 0.14720487012527883, 0.22242221934720874, 0.9095591360237449, 0.1254970203153789, 0.053146895254030824, 0.7630397705361247, 0.25891894684173167, 0.22380485269241035, 0.44287409679964185, 0.4821418756619096, 0.4590365586336702, 0.33295681327581406, 0.9163381173275411, 0.45534704136662185, 0.25264383922331035, 0.6813597520813346, 0.26210197689943016, 0.9447692362591624, 0.3567527087870985, 0.6156474244780838, 0.6243251401465386, 0.21491083642467856, 0.4429844960104674, 0.41035546688362956, 0.20059443288482726, 0.12956918287090957, 0.5489343490917236, 0.05375901679508388, 0.5273730221670121, 0.7768796149175614, 0.40339186997152865, 0.8623819549102336, 0.14616996701806784, 0.05679766833782196, 0.6444379156455398, 0.325219145976007, 0.15913474489934742, 0.47582403803244233, 0.45221802638843656, 0.2895157583989203, 0.790009145392105, 0.45848983176983893, 0.8840365915093571, 0.7204026153776795, 0.8867260762490332, 0.6268367187585682, 0.7774199510458857, 0.737923001870513, 0.19162410055287182, 0.42767748865298927, 0.30427882191725075, 0.44688961608335376, 0.7107078195549548, 0.2901697119232267, 0.6087059553246945, 0.6612129274290055, 0.03820648370310664, 0.6617754967883229, 0.5815531986299902, 0.18578222952783108, 0.6939321153331548, 0.7091789282858372, 0.4884625112172216, 0.5715830747503787, 0.42016425845213234, 0.4078458487056196, 0.6550783191341907, 0.921481559285894, 0.94659328693524, 0.1285545825958252, 0.2883170563727617, 0.8492227024398744, 0.1863918942399323, 0.07980978512205184, 0.03290424426086247, 0.5817140145227313, 0.4363891379907727, 0.22941630776040256, 0.7790767434053123, 0.7941821308340877, 0.6303513792809099, 0.6149944965727627, 0.993538775248453, 0.07793596433475614, 0.4402708348352462, 0.9425789837259799, 0.21374930767342448, 0.3623407748527825, 0.1564488543663174, 0.6268101059831679, 0.11385698453523219, 0.9576486845035106, 0.44406772311776876, 0.23982199421152472, 0.6276013331953436, 0.5015435141976923, 0.014552578562870622, 0.24208086845465004, 0.37311664782464504, 0.9260714473202825, 0.18781572137959301, 0.555022845743224, 0.8637534189037979, 0.18495305650867522, 0.7970043173991144, 0.3426147443242371, 0.01854584156535566, 0.07171253114938736, 0.8004166407044977, 0.27810380212031305, 0.8014021751005203, 0.09198892884887755, 0.4057299420237541, 0.10626312159001827, 0.056993415812030435, 0.35016578645445406, 0.35975232627242804, 0.7527304464019835, 0.6431805451866239, 0.11068038991652429, 0.45446138828992844, 0.6359026299323887, 0.6009461416397244, 0.6075354868080467, 0.9567879443056881, 0.6704194569028914, 0.8481203569099307, 0.16176767321303487, 0.17857203166931868, 0.4494911362417042, 0.8077501102816314, 0.2873834113124758, 0.21896334900520742, 0.9124125798698515, 0.7325055033434182, 0.0036771458107978106, 0.31149743287824094, 0.24762301635928452, 0.8866719943471253, 0.09101925930008292, 0.9007164565846324, 0.8961365907453, 0.28099402436055243, 0.3311969756614417, 0.30088858073577285, 0.6200029824394733, 0.623073999537155, 0.7351196738891304, 0.9282841042149812, 0.3179238042794168, 0.719854136928916, 0.15044595603831112, 0.8695200849324465, 0.4942887832876295, 0.009629112668335438, 0.1518148728646338, 0.3525981337297708, 0.37156119756400585, 0.6555423373356462], "x": [0.8269845647737384, 0.6061462827492505, 0.7466063846368343, 0.06561015406623483, 0.7614440671168268, 0.7951209719758481, 0.7388635585084558, 0.5644138222560287, 0.41185314231552184, 0.45177559251897037, 0.6254374301061034, 0.7055796193890274, 0.7737780222669244, 0.6251614813227206, 0.7063258080743253, 0.8697332101874053, 0.7100983471609652, 0.1518793951254338, 0.9304917065892369, 0.06983614712953568, 0.9177416504826397, 0.9444599277339876, 0.6855137075763196, 0.35909100458957255, 0.8136439817026258, 0.8397649163380265, 0.5723128719255328, 0.8887912810314447, 0.8643203943502158, 0.13318188791163266, 0.024592489004135132, 0.14756038482300937, 0.2938090011011809, 0.47068262775428593, 0.5323975321371108, 0.07652821554802358, 0.045743192778900266, 0.3509569074958563, 0.12564345332793891, 0.40793059463612735, 0.9843668080866337, 0.353916805004701, 0.635488324565813, 0.2981107020750642, 0.531015613116324, 0.12934237229637802, 0.8432769642677158, 0.28524859878234565, 0.9390995264984667, 0.4510158228222281, 0.15427995030768216, 0.8474330473691225, 0.20157611300237477, 0.2161314261611551, 0.06126643903553486, 0.7025107664521784, 0.3674225346185267, 0.7285077103879303, 0.4811292295344174, 0.24318025959655643, 0.5428768221754581, 0.3161482878495008, 0.6156532252207398, 0.12003736780025065, 0.17381028435193002, 0.27832822944037616, 0.5260824081487954, 0.9875519392080605, 0.009320680284872651, 0.9374450729228556, 0.41760433884337544, 0.116208016872406, 0.4379339322913438, 0.5295920507051051, 0.7624017556663603, 0.6862794156186283, 0.8309633806347847, 0.9626026442274451, 0.9286547722294927, 1.5287260755430907, 1.6015315998811275, 1.7885241210460663, 1.9683484905399382, 1.389695342630148, 1.6479410852771252, 1.003882562275976, 1.4500849982723594, 1.636622807243839, 1.8586985999718308, 1.64707170589827, 1.6104665270540863, 1.3717351420782506, 1.3259845736902207, 1.6177803226746619, 1.2812636292073876, 1.009252138901502, 1.7219939639326185, 1.881561666727066, 1.1131927443202585, 1.3606437917333096, 1.370356131810695, 1.1001578099094331, 1.1132106350269169, 1.5652985791675746, 1.0616979426704347, 1.1809544758871198, 1.7752889452967793, 1.8068443939555436, 1.7629561563953757, 1.6090503598097712, 1.8725133982952684, 1.919234620872885, 1.3136396452318877, 1.6041593730915338, 1.6617747247219086, 1.8138237667735666, 1.9083036524243653, 1.206855711294338, 1.8709901538677514, 1.838881712174043, 1.9511147229932249, 1.3356659079436213, 1.1505166727583855, 1.345288272947073, 1.1432485915720463, 1.6735192264895886, 1.9038699972443283, 1.4724952604155988, 1.538108926732093, 1.7511103092692792, 1.3105901451781392, 1.3940106136724353, 1.2544447020627558, 1.7265794952400029, 1.7801518507767469, 1.1741771639790386, 1.7596926921978593, 1.0741786540020257, 1.9843292236328125, 1.315357242943719, 1.219364269869402, 1.1247361516579986, 1.5588933578692377, 1.0299161090515554, 1.913519735680893, 1.4535480632912368, 1.8938347515650094, 1.6869928550440818, 1.2883197574410588, 1.4592598991002887, 1.5861750601325184, 1.4468235622625798, 2.5207475549541414, 2.2969563028309494, 2.5690388658549637, 2.2731378921307623, 2.8354201344773173, 2.9381985305808485, 2.1419091455172747, 2.1779515317175537, 2.3076097241137177, 2.016143820947036, 2.944108217023313, 2.62922435044311, 2.083564150845632, 2.2968074295204133, 2.8300044087227434, 2.6270191005896777, 2.508322744164616, 2.2764228566084057, 2.890614071628079, 2.0318564930930734, 2.4548118964303285, 2.0424150850158185, 2.896954343887046, 2.62356010498479, 2.31039628572762, 2.8804992865771055, 2.9835485140793025, 2.538466530619189, 2.221776292193681, 2.8763584580738097, 2.355442852480337, 2.2238217904232442, 2.0829718767199665, 2.1158234456088394, 2.2660640066023916, 2.916429941309616, 2.811916589271277, 2.830693998839706, 2.2126474562101066, 2.9806187495123595, 2.1198786485474557, 2.0524439197033644, 2.604676002636552, 2.2583845395129174, 2.060784633271396, 2.6189653205219656, 2.2947878828272223, 2.7971389347221702, 2.2758191998582333, 2.339985608588904, 2.724533225875348, 2.911585853435099, 2.5100235524587333, 2.383494823006913, 2.2915546770673245, 2.2190593297127634, 2.7801499736960977, 2.08191606705077, 2.8464416661299765, 2.9014885027427226, 2.7067682726774365, 2.5569794471375644, 2.505869482876733, 2.6280210015829653, 2.4913169099017978, 2.9697477286681533, 2.5597114637494087, 2.754753345856443, 2.233331474941224, 2.6437413913663477, 2.9628176821861416, 2.169654825469479, 2.079491425305605, 3.7067828876897693, 3.9577045075129718, 3.2507195179350674, 3.319760453654453, 3.0617738803848624, 3.882296498864889, 3.3349041759502143, 3.474161485908553, 3.476107926806435, 3.988663051277399, 3.1067221048288047, 3.0055385294836015, 3.293119572335854, 3.5462006805464625, 3.1177585534751415, 3.6734865065664053, 3.2499553461093456, 3.4229256736580282, 3.4665849048178643, 3.5102611635811627, 3.24510605703108, 3.7069190675392747, 3.5122117658611387, 3.96332417242229, 3.08906696154736, 3.0783866366837174, 3.8211627795826644, 3.759964552940801, 3.5445530973374844, 3.461082400754094, 3.4108950074296445, 3.328310133656487, 3.5917184744030237, 3.989982606144622, 3.5098855739925057, 3.5645569772459567, 3.815784568665549, 3.1252994092646986, 3.409534220583737, 3.5975897549651563, 3.216736016329378, 3.0346227679401636, 3.298403457272798, 3.2453141142614186, 3.3895546721760184, 3.771857828600332, 3.1160750177223235, 3.315621995832771, 3.806710655800998, 3.113950355676934, 3.845315159065649, 3.0994143441785127, 3.330516596091911, 3.7460410196799785, 3.049252304015681, 3.666560726473108, 3.3289440660737455, 3.533533539623022, 3.183004898717627, 3.0591738540679216, 3.154570216545835, 3.513616993324831, 3.0271881746593863, 3.730074810795486, 3.693117003655061, 3.6017842658329755, 3.295513284858316, 3.3417469654232264, 4.26242874097079, 4.953128692694008, 4.490218544611707, 4.938366839895025, 4.498438642825931, 4.709528216160834, 4.46622729417868, 4.394211639882997, 4.881493641063571, 4.408546146471053, 4.664019479881972, 4.828688415000215, 4.273796039400622, 4.316160664660856, 4.856335002696142, 4.891005916753784, 4.6809165419545025, 4.2234833012335, 4.04880618606694, 4.302547849249095, 4.154789811000228, 4.345457446295768, 4.034018727950752, 4.0977891909424216, 4.923241137061268, 4.5203606323339045, 4.517349258996546, 4.492159416899085, 4.8043092540465295, 4.606099397642538, 4.722696519689634, 4.71146424068138, 4.605638192035258, 4.95012018061243, 4.833504497772083, 4.008877673884854, 4.4476100308820605, 4.080657370388508, 4.70666929660365, 4.7948474085424095, 4.305429701227695, 4.726750274654478, 4.9101943504065275, 4.5644193617627025, 4.120174065465108, 4.087266759714112, 4.888298947829753, 4.913769721984863, 4.989467003848404, 4.324317677645013, 4.655222556786612, 4.975252146134153, 4.731698765885085, 4.544652190292254, 4.189300613710657, 4.231684543425217, 4.9879531329497695, 4.283155450364575, 4.914961811620742, 4.161596060264856, 4.730166938854381, 4.849137865472585, 4.142670368775725, 4.739201128715649, 4.761000196682289, 4.044111914234236, 4.710300828097388, 4.995271891821176, 4.5795022652018815, 4.092950702877715, 4.215070368722081, 4.420711550861597, 4.9746745026204735, 4.309083299944177, 4.875116091454402, 4.283651135629043, 4.585199498105794, 4.777580365771428, 4.244973779655993, 4.818981588352472, 4.520883419318125, 4.9172893890645355, 4.889892903389409, 4.795043577672914, 4.006992250215262, 4.446747383102775, 4.693300005281344, 4.653426555683836, 5.331978565314785, 5.650638835970312, 5.035658776760101, 5.570668196305633, 5.734734767815098, 5.3242808340583, 5.963597113965079, 5.265344267012551, 5.03116710530594, 5.911420229356736, 5.512168536661193, 5.861413391772658, 5.136742774397135, 5.003400792600587, 5.752068466274068, 5.202556560281664, 5.7089702896773815, 5.498125517042354, 5.336817901348695, 5.342030256986618, 5.787176719168201, 5.9833413974847645, 5.660262539982796, 5.569626561366022, 5.255634362343699, 5.0351270532701164, 5.598486594855785, 5.859473319957033, 5.728275473229587, 5.261926106642932, 5.293200752465054, 5.4957864980679005, 5.371514884522185, 5.636121404124424, 5.974690425675362, 5.957269712118432, 5.670228815171868, 5.637714939890429, 5.525959128746763, 5.99889519950375, 5.114571328507736, 5.540122232865542, 5.84839648520574, 5.162550071487203, 5.34057130641304, 5.062692082254216, 5.903672930318862, 5.681203243555501, 5.621131621301174, 5.373991835163906, 5.800720294937491, 5.758463967824355, 5.144530845107511, 5.955003212206066, 5.475502030923963, 5.04392614075914, 5.547386653255671, 5.805759836919606, 5.861717197112739, 5.9438902460969985, 5.965349631384015, 5.889134549768642, 5.85010322323069, 5.3266825885511935, 5.692688050447032, 5.185034254100174, 5.8500651638023555, 5.743538440903649, 5.849519152427092, 5.09838229813613, 5.506668731337413, 5.360345477005467, 5.178459803806618, 5.861151724588126, 5.648428803309798, 5.245911790756509, 6.032968126703054, 6.464862745255232, 6.706993330502883, 6.847990891430527, 6.126230364199728, 6.182823407929391, 6.898748935200274, 6.65492888703011, 6.841125304577872, 6.280820335494354, 6.862136082025245, 6.116166204214096, 6.852180736139417, 6.416850372217596, 6.855663500959054, 6.524727342417464, 6.425581079674885, 6.642958212411031, 6.365752115147188, 6.364026461960748, 6.890680002979934, 6.180961150676012, 6.75248392415233, 6.270642306189984, 6.817311991238967, 6.748916257638484, 6.750280394917354, 6.781216377392411, 6.738541605183855, 6.322010482661426, 6.882822567597032, 6.144315698184073, 6.184549038764089, 6.483712868299335, 6.148559389868751, 6.211447726702318, 6.197922544786707, 6.308933141641319, 6.551823137560859, 6.55208472115919, 6.0861471684183925, 6.163916293764487, 6.65532476385124, 6.312509279232472, 6.945858854567632, 6.220528938341886, 6.461354282684624, 6.689683987759054, 6.958242250373587, 6.473015523515642, 6.470296197803691, 6.163039153907448, 6.44701854349114, 6.462561067193747, 6.674614712130278, 6.2881949946749955, 6.924084653379396, 6.21272373246029, 6.380925256526098, 6.153792816447094, 6.094511439558119, 6.124297556933016, 6.699639174155891, 6.024098600260913, 6.439901781035587, 6.458645686740056, 6.79631661507301, 6.284778909990564, 6.5326307562645525, 6.478164822328836, 6.199869368690997, 6.48445098567754, 6.742563704494387, 6.278791440883651, 6.2855063488241285, 6.196423376677558, 6.37958270101808, 6.633173726731911, 6.758032750338316, 6.756635597907007, 6.608918230282143, 7.876731596654281, 7.804167003836483, 7.943661981495097, 7.378274302696809, 7.968702962854877, 7.404371347744018, 7.862992103444412, 7.7726219282485545, 7.959625462535769, 7.679574154317379, 7.212670406792313, 7.212601069826633, 7.39746559667401, 7.529147912282497, 7.785786886932328, 7.256747123785317, 7.771015725564212, 7.139064486138523, 7.939761519199237, 7.378249705769122, 7.999293589266017, 7.444970256881788, 7.214702415512875, 7.988881192635745, 7.243474812945351, 7.594391998834908, 7.504469251725823, 7.254688732558861, 7.177692875731736, 7.04838115372695, 7.384984745411202, 7.566433288389817, 7.405868247849867, 7.7145313050132245, 7.6403476011473686, 7.633312980178744, 7.624465529806912, 7.489580457797274, 7.031427325913683, 7.070965020917356, 7.111118994187564, 7.591227437835187, 7.40432186354883, 7.024226899491623, 7.016168380156159, 7.917129220673814, 7.814659684197977, 7.20277594239451, 7.009621880017221, 7.030737945344299, 7.338266700971872, 7.840385150862858, 7.587429813109338, 7.593221265356988, 7.047196696512401, 7.01188327325508, 7.176058220909908, 7.349599127890542, 7.363927085651085, 7.846486930735409, 7.355768866371363, 7.87459055846557, 7.879303836496547, 7.696769553236663, 7.526957317255437, 7.429851337103173, 7.7707877033390105, 7.018721716711298, 7.847397868987173, 7.453515603207052, 7.7182592016179115, 7.601313586812466, 7.907345118001103, 7.795176384272054, 7.33083385322243, 7.166431604418904, 8.775592579273507, 8.600492919795215, 8.987199519993737, 8.258315455866978, 8.92634160281159, 8.216551429359242, 8.149083833675832, 8.829636211041361, 8.110983699327335, 8.962097365641966, 8.235376805532724, 8.816178048728034, 8.101667317561805, 8.766729415394366, 8.57760345377028, 8.108590021496639, 8.835330365458503, 8.288805938092992, 8.437458388274536, 8.760317695559934, 8.108754508430138, 8.33030370529741, 8.97719448292628, 8.98560041654855, 8.123094332637265, 8.963276826078072, 8.661991835804656, 8.297881748061627, 8.753686182200909, 8.739430659683421, 8.282573129748926, 8.890286608831957, 8.730141583131626, 8.419393941527233, 8.977029436733574, 8.949141701916233, 8.57091974793002, 8.163591004675254, 8.331033915746957, 8.140536108985543, 8.601074382662773, 8.358531252481043, 8.661753047490492, 8.36148481653072, 8.545257281279191, 8.109273657435551, 8.426768604433164, 8.279085335787386, 8.299586241832003, 8.653619832824916, 8.907712987624109, 8.844139798078686, 8.410452385433018, 8.336047334829345, 8.00344404601492, 8.415862191701308, 8.838628853671253, 8.550733907846734, 8.217923752730712, 8.002701976103708, 8.615562786115333, 8.023366020759568, 8.488776814658195, 8.810622178018093, 9.553159425733611, 9.983858819352463, 9.548361456720158, 9.349454858573154, 9.86052328092046, 9.60239949868992, 9.555808775825426, 9.752257239539176, 9.462558800820261, 9.14288628892973, 9.682012934004888, 9.031944207148626, 9.127670044312254, 9.740534615470096, 9.300173470983282, 9.870560612762347, 9.400740402750671, 9.006388515932485, 9.94344734144397, 9.852392294444144, 9.626346440985799, 9.853831569198519, 9.731692056171596, 9.29996210290119, 9.659973344067112, 9.693047484615818, 9.127307175425813, 9.809155506780371, 9.04399337247014, 9.279681595275179, 9.504026379436255, 9.140943686943501, 9.954785247799009, 9.196677518310025, 9.76871983287856, 9.067108781309798, 9.288007966941223, 9.611044697230682, 9.185127098346129, 9.761162885464728, 9.347070574993268, 9.612376036122441, 9.582377281505615, 9.706471359357238, 9.071064966497943, 9.32012952817604, 9.662662289338186, 9.925846514524892, 9.85135367908515, 9.801060702186078, 9.717100292211398, 9.925656451610848, 9.90579452435486, 9.33939418848604, 9.558090523350984, 9.313311241567135, 9.565321743721142, 9.926531956531107, 9.64422513381578, 9.804787776898593, 9.997078218031675, 9.167382601182908, 9.980672132223845, 9.026161803863943, 9.553951031761244, 9.662801520898938, 9.39948328002356, 9.353358644759282, 9.350750719197094, 9.695429951418191, 9.256749775726348, 9.293943375349045, 9.27441062242724, 9.411930759204552, 9.50637562875636, 9.484804696636274, 9.799580628285185, 9.572084660176188, 9.143407468451187, 9.360381910344586, 9.590660620247945, 9.176794605329633, 9.520299028139561, 9.968327796785161, 9.807858918095008, 9.369987786980346, 9.698574093868956, 9.687121175928041, 9.558407207485288, 9.083106847014278, 9.630226940847933, 9.5319627255667, 9.400095509365201, 9.832610472571105, 9.474205309059471, 9.47499225800857, 9.525444397469983], "z": [0.07298240344971418, 0.27976724901236594, 0.9928076465148479, 0.46324246749281883, 0.24747235793620348, 0.5316940960474312, 0.0030221682973206043, 0.1882810916285962, 0.30681275320239365, 0.16311077866703272, 0.2059874644037336, 0.5151285587344319, 0.2979445250239223, 0.7596416741143912, 0.16548581002280116, 0.5589668781030923, 0.8717543527018279, 0.8329000228550285, 0.5754050887189806, 0.3728213186841458, 0.9394464122597128, 0.6233366406522691, 0.2102949651889503, 0.24465250875800848, 0.16410503583028913, 0.3747985134832561, 0.4312374962028116, 0.9296767907217145, 0.038700547302141786, 0.2975453934632242, 0.7167789461091161, 0.9617680471856147, 0.5815251851454377, 0.4038972379639745, 0.627760405652225, 0.6372701711952686, 0.3766081982757896, 0.009425085736438632, 0.2103285265620798, 0.7406023740768433, 0.6463628665078431, 0.7666257412638515, 0.024708153447136283, 0.9822137951850891, 0.3422955486457795, 0.15382498898543417, 0.15269490284845233, 0.22218019957654178, 0.8710671605076641, 0.4437891449779272, 0.42764482204802334, 0.002797628054395318, 0.09252441441640258, 0.8433469911105931, 0.4104612674564123, 0.97424804023467, 0.39558898308314383, 0.1457802806980908, 0.0029613496735692024, 0.9789131956640631, 0.8934680947568268, 0.11128160986118019, 0.9809960906859487, 0.5125573356635869, 0.2405709745362401, 0.8572869515046477, 0.08421818702481687, 0.841497409157455, 0.4547361209988594, 0.7835006506647915, 0.6110887164250016, 0.5948720972519368, 0.6046689262147993, 0.49817794072441757, 0.27167843864299357, 0.3780051802750677, 0.4310668657999486, 0.4177618157118559, 0.8226779296528548, 0.17953753774054348, 0.2393773440271616, 0.3019833059515804, 0.9678112752735615, 0.6878818599507213, 0.7600472210906446, 0.977026641368866, 0.2809122810140252, 0.635381038999185, 0.6070715638343245, 0.23749031475745142, 0.9117382899858057, 0.9391746004112065, 0.8680710471235216, 0.9194512332323939, 0.5199588851537555, 0.06002357741817832, 0.41660144575871527, 0.48941681277938187, 0.5198982015717775, 0.15471352846361697, 0.012001806171610951, 0.559877421008423, 0.28272848785854876, 0.09801433444954455, 0.039472150383517146, 0.5629082948435098, 0.9015869563445449, 0.3250379462260753, 0.41381061100400984, 0.44780462561175227, 0.6198983369395137, 0.9533395739272237, 0.5066144166048616, 0.37357147224247456, 0.21820272295735776, 0.5842931186780334, 0.19959222781471908, 0.4381120465695858, 0.5629348054062575, 0.5343243454117328, 0.5596474630292505, 0.2720095852855593, 0.41775432019494474, 0.5260312829632312, 0.47104656719602644, 0.3396547310985625, 0.8434076118282974, 0.49374299217015505, 0.3411285968031734, 0.6035471756476909, 0.5119504351168871, 0.8065923813264817, 0.06116289203055203, 0.48263139510527253, 0.6845178664661944, 0.6911824403796345, 0.15446191816590726, 0.5871667277533561, 0.6566077952738851, 0.9878842844627798, 0.13224178785458207, 0.354230233700946, 0.2195308527443558, 0.9385918127372861, 0.38625364168547094, 0.7744361178483814, 0.5266856115777045, 0.8615613954607397, 0.22195459459908307, 0.5401005265302956, 0.6066011392977089, 0.7530770192388445, 0.6969343659002334, 0.1088338780682534, 0.792160380166024, 0.20574644370935857, 0.4621185283176601, 0.6225878358818591, 0.7294237208552659, 0.6294976347126067, 0.722385966219008, 0.29430901701562107, 0.7790016413200647, 0.3787761125713587, 0.4414347840938717, 0.9739636573940516, 0.47318849223665893, 0.43907598685473204, 0.8197360406629741, 0.12978334561921656, 0.7688996726647019, 0.033047434873878956, 0.7960263220593333, 0.14999910164624453, 0.3497194175142795, 0.8516437341459095, 0.7197022142354399, 0.35595239442773163, 0.20943734282627702, 0.3088598276954144, 0.47760897572152317, 0.6015769285149872, 0.3834519584197551, 0.36414721491746604, 0.7511072859633714, 0.2852838831022382, 0.10906634712591767, 0.14686469198204577, 0.6905571878887713, 0.705834788735956, 0.7306478098034859, 0.6618838459253311, 0.8857279848307371, 0.4139963046181947, 0.6285697943530977, 0.9094582735560834, 0.19714340288192034, 0.7338437815196812, 0.5681387600488961, 0.5168034061789513, 0.8134169597178698, 0.6497676027938724, 0.12003367533907294, 0.34713991009630263, 0.06610884168185294, 0.20064901979640126, 0.32104532117955387, 0.8561896104365587, 0.6403291702736169, 0.11480337800458074, 0.7440344190690666, 0.11958090681582689, 0.39623648347333074, 0.919610551558435, 0.5883585542906076, 0.8610866533126682, 0.11169530847109854, 0.31071231281384826, 0.3751640513073653, 0.18882772396318614, 0.8204914443194866, 0.13593109766952693, 0.08926799311302602, 0.99867412308231, 0.42122900928370655, 0.8743601159658283, 0.9317648618016392, 0.3594489241950214, 0.11328175221569836, 0.5035252168308944, 0.9091974894981831, 0.4016571256797761, 0.0978333696257323, 0.029398173559457064, 0.6364018153399229, 0.6855928031727672, 0.819593720138073, 0.640769618563354, 0.278265992179513, 0.3838599019218236, 0.7657658660318702, 0.7620527176186442, 0.5941641987301409, 0.6674245584290475, 0.6949427369982004, 0.3752580718137324, 0.04157575569115579, 0.9857575320638716, 0.8791534318588674, 0.5056545936968178, 0.1139242141507566, 0.16462091240100563, 0.5044972822070122, 0.3621395486406982, 0.8425960394088179, 0.26247487287037075, 0.9476282992400229, 0.1012832650449127, 0.1987831024453044, 0.6192944552749395, 0.39007866149768233, 0.6701890111435205, 0.3523202578071505, 0.39367527700960636, 0.8178616254590452, 0.8834581573028117, 0.383839578833431, 0.362952760187909, 0.28074047318659723, 0.2403030344285071, 0.3777040324639529, 0.08377031446434557, 0.904814976034686, 0.30576169048435986, 0.7201384422369301, 0.8955311558675021, 0.9830749705433846, 0.7600760278292, 0.20739443507045507, 0.7492160219699144, 0.06602397677488625, 0.16360303340479732, 0.9581790566444397, 0.48427875549532473, 0.005883248522877693, 0.6666377235669643, 0.24288152321241796, 0.4219842776656151, 0.2385742759797722, 0.3025130631867796, 0.5713952572550625, 0.2890466279350221, 0.3622733913362026, 0.7043473846279085, 0.9825956041458994, 0.3372615473344922, 0.3092419726308435, 0.8654902267735451, 0.3771418775431812, 0.999176808167249, 0.23853838257491589, 0.819365409668535, 0.6451314941514283, 0.05271399859338999, 0.012978914193809032, 0.6711241870652884, 0.4989321161992848, 0.39949296577833593, 0.4643052648752928, 0.5736610952299088, 0.2142406334169209, 0.32028108835220337, 0.31991914100944996, 0.7039525739382952, 0.19426640798337758, 0.30267599737271667, 0.11041835742071271, 0.4677893577609211, 0.9877893938682973, 0.19256499945186079, 0.5368077596649528, 0.0697640716098249, 0.04963835934177041, 0.25255500758066773, 0.5614236304536462, 0.5998347571585327, 0.4913926301524043, 0.7526370219420642, 0.4930834439583123, 0.6919091963209212, 0.9572347577195615, 0.7816315963864326, 0.9979746751487255, 0.4887400702573359, 0.6035973106045276, 0.8736259823199362, 0.14658552524633706, 0.5956472372636199, 0.7960404057521373, 0.16886482457630336, 0.5605745681095868, 0.30019617872312665, 0.8918764723930508, 0.6187942195683718, 0.7623191857710481, 0.6658406397327781, 0.052464827662333846, 0.7815434276126325, 0.02243179245851934, 0.08161269431002438, 0.7365234417375177, 0.07921794313006103, 0.09968278533779085, 0.9442877552937716, 0.33698897436261177, 0.7609048823360354, 0.9855945424642414, 0.6507903665769845, 0.8175393445417285, 0.6683050785213709, 0.06704644719138741, 0.7777492513414472, 0.030074312817305326, 0.3195297720376402, 0.0822297353297472, 0.2931876538787037, 0.281300799921155, 0.6729026690591127, 0.39558786642737687, 0.7224842701107264, 0.34797138744033873, 0.3827022425830364, 0.19748428091406822, 0.19448967440985143, 0.691326662665233, 0.6614203248172998, 0.6777193872258067, 0.4919024419505149, 0.39531562477350235, 0.7710564425215125, 0.27604428795166314, 0.1317967278882861, 0.7633762701880187, 0.9042868106625974, 0.9979745105374604, 0.9418531490955502, 0.6799073736183345, 0.9030460568610579, 0.018379951594397426, 0.13246274553239346, 0.3090036758221686, 0.4116607867181301, 0.9134425865486264, 0.6339037218131125, 0.959484125720337, 0.921456988202408, 0.8522809634450823, 0.801290619187057, 0.7639456486795098, 0.9819269510917366, 0.3979602495674044, 0.30277885403484106, 0.5938751122448593, 0.0779545612167567, 0.1668629962950945, 0.6187909732107073, 0.19227358931675553, 0.2903751768171787, 0.13513974496163428, 0.8883858802728355, 0.7721104067750275, 0.45060532283969223, 0.4412666584830731, 0.8728990736417472, 0.9677876702044159, 0.9274771779309958, 0.5205221821088344, 0.20211208565160632, 0.7252886700443923, 0.008214560803025961, 0.950664313742891, 0.34162975498475134, 0.2588553966488689, 0.7697548125870526, 0.6788478307425976, 0.7850223060231656, 0.07861978700384498, 0.11315565602853894, 0.4009809549897909, 0.6160566480830312, 0.5047057957854122, 0.0010791197419166565, 0.60729975765571, 0.5085321359802037, 0.1522364818956703, 0.225533019984141, 0.3928033031988889, 0.154910025652498, 0.16139441216364503, 0.9162215511314571, 0.9961980807129294, 0.2621704344637692, 0.8181283427402377, 0.3331667890306562, 0.8566683309618384, 0.4411792710889131, 0.09189824666827917, 0.9491827189922333, 0.773724494734779, 0.5026884751860052, 0.8750631643924862, 0.9663056686986238, 0.617063348647207, 0.45625268993899226, 0.1878240560181439, 0.5271787908859551, 0.06876112357713282, 0.7753873735200614, 0.049364850390702486, 0.12058013631030917, 0.18561155628412962, 0.4874168282840401, 0.1441821833141148, 0.055615506833419204, 0.3152332850731909, 0.9146135745104402, 0.662890232168138, 0.06004711287096143, 0.802663070615381, 0.8342746689449996, 0.9608538104221225, 0.7230513824615628, 0.3887167146895081, 0.6687344610691071, 0.024546177126467228, 0.14473403804004192, 0.06809739070013165, 0.9121828170027584, 0.6118779631797224, 0.49455042579211295, 0.17112230067141354, 0.9452401916496456, 0.39856153819710016, 0.856049244524911, 0.5796614887658507, 0.6763247768394649, 0.041881028562784195, 0.8372282159980386, 0.8183677392080426, 0.6902397074736655, 0.32367997895926237, 0.01929769618436694, 0.9781127946916968, 0.3302474352531135, 0.17388071888126433, 0.9022714467719197, 0.9088549443986267, 0.12956370785832405, 0.623801285866648, 0.7908997542690486, 0.8766072511207312, 0.9214361719787121, 0.8730765366926789, 0.1287419106811285, 0.22846083506010473, 0.4391489822883159, 0.743304415140301, 0.11172943958081305, 0.5959647125564516, 0.3107281350530684, 0.757135700667277, 0.23794395476579666, 0.9295289893634617, 0.17031743610277772, 0.8287805682048202, 0.46253012912347913, 0.8563392700161785, 0.9156683993060142, 0.08629303378984332, 0.05396489449776709, 0.5384770832024515, 0.5727075373288244, 0.7488561577629298, 0.5320237879641354, 0.14906568732112646, 0.4504436783026904, 0.9517280422151089, 0.3228470047470182, 0.13991420716047287, 0.8573616319335997, 0.297169795492664, 0.54066774668172, 0.3353572618216276, 0.3564158738590777, 0.5397350830025971, 0.06786130182445049, 0.6402212947141379, 0.792435257229954, 0.8555356559809297, 0.24439412145875394, 0.0528965990524739, 0.11571022099815309, 0.8825737226288766, 0.8218073381576687, 0.439426425145939, 0.034957071766257286, 0.2995477926451713, 0.9530546679161489, 0.47957569756545126, 0.9866220089606941, 0.627861384768039, 0.46358617348596454, 0.6077569772023708, 0.4209565706551075, 0.46377067849971354, 0.5110957459546626, 0.38774468400515616, 0.7261675547342747, 0.9080932354554534, 0.8355411912780255, 0.6320223875809461, 0.5947323713917285, 0.13516635145060718, 0.8171157552860677, 0.7616113601252437, 0.33826509257778525, 0.08865506551228464, 0.8135186068248004, 0.5109108672477305, 0.6975077593233436, 0.2721188503783196, 0.9345522110816091, 0.4935988893266767, 0.4961658592801541, 0.6165031199343503, 0.7601628876291215, 0.19787731487303972, 0.9705434034112841, 0.20342790824361145, 0.6698985958937556, 0.04062860109843314, 0.9559029436204582, 0.35837011225521564, 0.14980602450668812, 0.16588253481313586, 0.9752828076016158, 0.5471435517538339, 0.871910547837615, 0.3076832212973386, 0.6502210742328316, 0.6747204007115215, 0.058535176096484065, 0.8433242382016033, 0.5567925269715488, 0.9970319157000631, 0.6258233143016696, 0.7843557661399245, 0.03591044689528644, 0.9620859725400805, 0.5727093841414899, 0.6988366516306996, 0.7798379361629486, 0.000739219831302762, 0.4198071314021945, 0.22684781323187053, 0.5643538672011346, 0.1376772066578269, 0.055152674205601215, 0.7052374090999365, 0.5642059743404388, 0.24200049741193652, 0.28103942959569395, 0.19155878270976245, 0.2004396403208375, 0.14981511305086315, 0.2363676456734538, 0.9729370377026498, 0.10942584951408207, 0.8449085210449994, 0.04399415594525635, 0.09707925049588084, 0.3108335048891604, 0.8872686058748513, 0.9157771959435195, 0.3792391193564981, 0.38157574948854744, 0.66018136870116, 0.9817501653451473, 0.8091777593363076, 0.5481456550769508, 0.21345548797398806, 0.48547480162233114, 0.12976293172687292, 0.7184116928838193, 0.5777166746556759, 0.8579187910072505, 0.8355216232594103, 0.7645189962349832, 0.23438688227906823, 0.8148098564706743, 0.4873984132427722, 0.6943101198412478, 0.3457498140633106, 0.05791437951847911, 0.1989263230934739, 0.9425766121130437, 0.017894001910462976, 0.3615519742015749, 0.6970605577807873, 0.053797873202711344, 0.8506104743573815, 0.021677994402125478, 0.4033417485188693, 0.7745729731395841, 0.458564693108201, 0.39090425334870815, 0.6449716652277857, 0.057250070851296186, 0.22999880299903452, 0.17076502181589603, 0.048269978957250714, 0.9040942389983684, 0.6395605278667063, 0.6950003367383033, 0.009010049514472485, 0.7939347676001489, 0.0997402067296207, 0.49455970502458513, 0.8541300457436591, 0.1328328214585781, 0.3086758565623313, 0.31398241920396686, 0.4034847591537982, 0.47808991745114326, 0.48891391209326684, 0.3886826036032289, 0.07662197202444077, 0.4998530528973788, 0.543320924276486, 0.3417541494127363, 0.5789638557471335, 0.44576417934149504, 0.4694363723974675, 0.050592559622600675, 0.08232727204449475, 0.016906002070754766, 0.33718948159366846, 0.769178634043783, 0.09829447674565017, 0.26493081427179277, 0.8953323510941118, 0.8021701751276851, 0.3808386600576341, 0.7635469431988895, 0.7667710350360721, 0.8588737423997372, 0.6800186957698315, 0.5608584589790553, 0.37386738997884095, 0.797951873159036, 0.7508540076669306, 0.861436810111627, 0.03806790825910866, 0.5770624128635973, 0.7288824627175927, 0.1314766409341246, 0.9513544158544391, 0.13467554980888963, 0.29603816219605505, 0.3098082966171205, 0.2906304488424212, 0.9806536212563515, 0.5932679055258632, 0.8310770948883146, 0.4716816460713744, 0.5133533822372556, 0.09325477899983525, 0.41286846646107733, 0.6573827625252306, 0.6509101297706366, 0.6083424144890159, 0.705738257849589, 0.5236585603561252, 0.7895492292009294, 0.4567993825767189, 0.7136366185732186, 0.0587126356549561, 0.07201864011585712, 0.5296419167425483, 0.715288350591436, 0.5723355880472809, 0.10705287219025195, 0.20367438159883022, 0.9556488315574825, 0.3794836013112217, 0.08471807208843529, 0.9225626867264509, 0.1565414248034358, 0.023194486973807216, 0.022515003103762865, 0.007962736068293452, 0.5575283749494702, 0.7911699728574604, 0.4021079121157527, 0.0699751297943294, 0.9397666899021715, 0.723993590567261, 0.9670592811889946, 0.23310925858095288, 0.7701633835677058, 0.2217775578610599, 0.7041112186852843, 0.6489013954997063, 0.01838288689032197, 0.372895315522328, 0.4526909531559795, 0.4659209300298244, 0.7050158793572336, 0.9693810411263257, 0.11619079578667879, 0.731789346318692, 0.7312793533783406, 0.35311060631647706, 0.8992492258548737, 0.19845096091739833, 0.4229217544198036, 0.06410560780204833, 0.22679785429500043, 0.9041423560120165, 0.09382081218063831, 0.4859505291096866, 0.27971206046640873, 0.832995098317042, 0.8130408788565546, 0.36729471175931394]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#b2df8a", "name": "C", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}], "options": {"save_image": false, "range": {"y": [-4.5, 5.5], "x": [0.0, 10.0], "z": [-4.5, 5.5]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizbff68c7d-bf0e-4439-ac54-5b455a288ca9",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizbff68c7d-bf0e-4439-ac54-5b455a288ca9",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="vizbff68c7d-bf0e-4439-ac54-5b455a288ca9"></div>
      </body>
    </html>




.. parsed-literal::

    '"vizbff68c7d-bf0e-4439-ac54-5b455a288ca9"'



.. code:: python

    plot_id = viz.plot_world(w, radius=0.025)
    viz.to_png(plot_id)



.. raw:: html

    <html>
      <head>
        <script type="text/javascript">
         (function(){
           if(window["THREE"] === undefined || window["d3"] === undefined){
    	 require.config({
    	   paths:{
    	     d3: [
    	       'https://d3js.org/d3.v3.min',
    	       'custom/d3.min'
    	     ],
    	     THREE: [
    	       'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/r66/three.min',
    	       'custom/three.min'
    	     ],
             Elegans: [
               'https://cdn.rawgit.com/domitry/elegans/15e85b0dafdb6f09181c1ee2f0c47218f6fd698d/release/elegans.min',
    	       'custom/elegans'
    	     ]
    	   },
    	   shim:{
    	     THREE: {
    	       exports: 'THREE'
    	     },
    	     Elegans: {
    	       deps: ['THREE'],
    	       exports: 'Elegans'
    	     }
    	   }
    	 });
    
    	 require(["d3", "THREE"], function(d3){
    	   window["d3"] = d3;
    
    	   d3.select(document)
    	     .on("contextmenu", function(){
    	     d3.selectAll("canvas").style("z-index", 10);
    	     d3.selectAll(".download_menu").style("z-index", 100);
    	   });
    	 });
           }
    
           require(["Elegans"], function(){
    	 console.log("Begin rendering...");
    	 var model = {"plots": [{"data": {"y": [0.5987016505096108, 0.7069893185980618, 0.17253815126605332, 0.36355012748390436, 0.7650792195927352, 0.07309090183116496, 0.7205206220969558, 0.5805050623603165, 0.6894650163594633, 0.33600477199070156, 0.1872160197235644, 0.996577660785988, 0.17332338425330818, 0.985594266327098, 0.07935194973833859, 0.38203629199415445, 0.7331395905930549, 0.13683799793943763, 0.3981196475215256, 0.8398650335147977, 0.4439219085033983, 0.1325661118607968, 0.2321228648070246, 0.6940443541388959, 0.1463054632768035, 0.7472215464804322, 0.39905720041133463, 0.6100838966667652, 0.11966439709067345, 0.24090608395636082, 0.9509560158476233, 0.26279773050919175, 0.4147624741308391, 0.20038351067341864, 0.9099360159598291, 0.43444334133528173, 0.0777614142280072, 0.1835818230174482, 0.5134313043672591, 0.07671070587821305, 0.1714622254949063, 0.32891089655458927, 0.5399560562800616, 0.7165517357643694, 0.5228591130580753, 0.9386003182735294, 0.6522799639496952, 0.8608131911605597, 0.9702158854342997, 0.9495408346410841, 0.6904027694836259, 0.4218259721528739, 0.4572019868064672, 0.6748728316742927, 0.6000581237021834, 0.3374906280077994, 0.9711681825574487, 0.30674234707839787, 0.979777192696929, 0.42918095318600535, 0.47263771551661193, 0.31910037295892835, 0.05039113201200962, 0.5254197833128273, 0.6083359888289124, 0.8150932777207345, 0.9873040760867298, 0.9618522631935775, 0.6656626488547772, 0.07152255345135927, 0.155409810366109, 0.40042153373360634, 0.27134074619971216, 0.16383313620463014, 0.848941064439714, 0.1202381260227412, 0.71428306796588, 0.3269889089278877, 0.35514669958502054, 0.9804455519188195, 0.19929487956687808, 0.06464993767440319, 0.17425601556897163, 0.9279266991652548, 0.06676904344931245, 0.8777522633317858, 0.4253236744552851, 0.7787325214594603, 0.7570522516034544, 0.9553036012221128, 0.7806574481073767, 0.27536803181283176, 0.5962482637260109, 0.1972569723147899, 0.5126548949629068, 0.10961161903105676, 0.48255063057877123, 0.7962599389720708, 0.6833304532337934, 0.9370855866000056, 0.23804214037954807, 0.636021702317521, 0.16620707279071212, 0.10062868916429579, 0.5034166099503636, 0.04996757139451802, 0.7769584311172366, 0.21599454362876713, 0.3845081243198365, 0.9383622854948044, 0.3578681964427233, 0.19322044355794787, 0.41643607150763273, 0.013846353627741337, 0.3317359476350248, 0.8204840801190585, 0.6889751190319657, 0.5006527244113386, 0.3194496145006269, 0.873156855115667, 0.2561631929129362, 0.5291503593325615, 0.6528259108308703, 0.6825405822601169, 0.8162719788961112, 0.19715910032391548, 0.026696142507717013, 0.6550256847403944, 0.9054203510750085, 0.2800895096734166, 0.8591562840156257, 0.30825248663313687, 0.06578644388355315, 0.18692084564827383, 0.1661254798527807, 0.7183997621759772, 0.68665292696096, 0.6523803679738194, 0.9469692825805396, 0.4553299241233617, 0.3389869306702167, 0.796062208712101, 0.34465453843586147, 0.11497767781838775, 0.08534669457003474, 0.102791718672961, 0.7140135711524636, 0.978649707743898, 0.4870347874239087, 0.47144096181727946, 0.6677567407023162, 0.9678418724797666, 0.7710197644773871, 0.820435161003843, 0.6850887413602322, 0.5603000954724848, 0.24762196699157357, 0.7662805053405464, 0.44314023526385427, 0.3505959471222013, 0.02013712585903704, 0.45912744384258986, 0.9273893961217254, 0.9236822377424687, 0.2335802768357098, 0.5608070623129606, 0.6589831418823451, 0.364915770245716, 0.4044161783531308, 0.05278099561110139, 0.9428018862381577, 0.5223651088308543, 0.06477364990860224, 0.8585204458795488, 0.9068824322894216, 0.17831799667328596, 0.5359761358704418, 0.34093836485408247, 0.42273496580310166, 0.9113080103415996, 0.8929168558679521, 0.4334421360399574, 0.6070709095802158, 0.8639785004779696, 0.9784454496111721, 0.545310138957575, 0.5154747401829809, 0.8208080620970577, 0.2882855497300625, 0.3894202206283808, 0.9040746004320681, 0.4052487595472485, 0.8397310706786811, 0.2695559614803642, 0.7609956115484238, 0.9626016018446535, 0.012509780935943127, 0.7439619726501405, 0.2895773209165782, 0.38228603615425527, 0.23547190055251122, 0.502373409923166, 0.8393351214472204, 0.6254260109271854, 0.1989977837074548, 0.7522486334200948, 0.07425873633474112, 0.21719150734134018, 0.40829000691883266, 0.3536892964038998, 0.5285330829210579, 0.19633035571314394, 0.8829198910389096, 0.47012283257208765, 0.5011729374527931, 0.12689699931070209, 0.24358827690593898, 0.61206507938914, 0.13224877347238362, 0.3773942654952407, 0.27385018835775554, 0.6074736022856086, 0.1201427630148828, 0.1810575253330171, 0.5167303918860853, 0.660081495763734, 0.895900075789541, 0.09859078982844949, 0.21261660638265312, 0.28657634602859616, 0.13558630761690438, 0.08848636015318334, 0.5775458971038461, 0.5073999629821628, 0.05454759323038161, 0.9912930214777589, 0.29008775018155575, 0.9959095581434667, 0.6783672887831926, 0.4685056370217353, 0.5815072748810053, 0.48445161641575396, 0.8223128134850413, 0.7184270804282278, 0.25232760002836585, 0.002423208672553301, 0.6044214181602001, 0.7469022860750556, 0.6507397820241749, 0.0386231888551265, 0.0425759085919708, 0.0012849848717451096, 0.5696998762432486, 0.22998372185975313, 0.5356281562708318, 0.46011042478494346, 0.6106794951483607, 0.9275099958758801, 0.2512194267474115, 0.8288416140712798, 0.6729345174971968, 0.37927841139025986, 0.5160865331999958, 0.4987941780127585, 0.7038907362148166, 0.6899699945934117, 0.731679858174175, 0.5910561676137149, 0.8536595751065761, 0.035196756944060326, 0.24590498697943985, 0.5679127229377627, 0.16329391533508897, 0.3303553683217615, 0.5002757988404483, 0.09924572450108826, 0.157137640286237, 0.7981064906343818, 0.6603425901848823, 0.3443786557763815, 0.6128895359579474, 0.86285390984267, 0.38728248910047114, 0.3964711718726903, 0.005825248081237078, 0.14905084134079516, 0.9168255659751594, 0.49402662855573, 0.48869081400334835, 0.8605308493133634, 0.8524740368593484, 0.30857317126356065, 0.21588233183138072, 0.4699603645130992, 0.17886217194609344, 0.019641605205833912, 0.9595602790359408, 0.7589819044806063, 0.4099133072886616, 0.4100522545631975, 0.2558528045192361, 0.7219202099367976, 0.4567897168453783, 0.3388916337862611, 0.8018596130423248, 0.991984530352056, 0.9213582130614668, 0.46676843520253897, 0.704344526398927, 0.7658374046441168, 0.220773218665272, 0.9253597715869546, 0.767747194506228, 0.9086202995385975, 0.5568501011002809, 0.7899621685501188, 0.6906793103553355, 0.8319283935707062, 0.3839729812461883, 0.698357610963285, 0.21292467578314245, 0.999424317618832, 0.8929943752009422, 0.3457878166809678, 0.8041097945533693, 0.24695195979438722, 0.33803526568226516, 0.2605893351137638, 0.12451250152662396, 0.6292036559898406, 0.7026239107362926, 0.12884410400874913, 0.14982876204885542, 0.6882472061552107, 0.11941362195648253, 0.8474664089735597, 0.2835957866627723, 0.517518216278404, 0.10091293859295547, 0.07781149656511843, 0.6781529900617898, 0.8529175461735576, 0.1674275086261332, 0.41032037627883255, 0.5139398607425392, 0.9215458245016634, 0.8062984773423523, 0.5577037348411977, 0.1546395430341363, 0.34151737461797893, 0.13960695546120405, 0.6788510615006089, 0.10690536489710212, 0.5297328890301287, 0.23735346947796643, 0.38229217007756233, 0.07332414109259844, 0.05163271306082606, 0.29432352958247066, 0.43422703514806926, 0.8453350220806897, 0.044770147651433945, 0.6985401012934744, 0.9935172328259796, 0.4197059259749949, 0.6732128751464188, 0.9669466740451753, 0.8549116011708975, 0.5616147012915462, 0.4766988386400044, 0.16912548104301095, 0.6906266873702407, 0.39992057997733355, 0.24291384126991034, 0.11676452332176268, 0.10278317937627435, 0.8194291302934289, 0.9938072336371988, 0.6494541596621275, 0.1214607039000839, 0.3577019488438964, 0.9201995811890811, 0.773502544965595, 0.8145535800140351, 0.09176870458759367, 0.1702212104573846, 0.8444129494018853, 0.14981938851997256, 0.9155162279494107, 0.28727217158302665, 0.5467865676619112, 0.8266011688392609, 0.4710181790869683, 0.42452053562738, 0.5240890108980238, 0.8518790833186358, 0.9361979197710752, 0.3389965824317187, 0.5523454293143004, 0.7214857356157154, 0.9597623744048178, 0.30835972842760384, 0.592094459803775, 0.9069899290334433, 0.44644328439608216, 0.8390013624448329, 0.12580102356150746, 0.11114460183307528, 0.8535167083609849, 0.018496675649657845, 0.5222348144743592, 0.606618331046775, 0.33054087311029434, 0.638062743935734, 0.7541086901910603, 0.5070303329266608, 0.41616743546910584, 0.6391860982403159, 0.26016028178855777, 0.36755781061947346, 0.48285332252271473, 0.14948880206793547, 0.44526643003337085, 0.28347498434595764, 0.9114239797927439], "x": [0.2773190485313535, 0.14234229107387364, 0.6829587505199015, 0.6030253425706178, 0.4927904102951288, 0.4899684232659638, 0.14617889211513102, 0.15638644667342305, 0.9342511019203812, 0.6542434950824827, 0.621041608043015, 0.9559722724370658, 0.18588121910579503, 0.3585895295254886, 0.9221727417316288, 0.13278649048879743, 0.6137629097793251, 0.04741633986122906, 0.7005527114961296, 0.037919597467407584, 0.7654457052703947, 0.006965328007936478, 0.18820177763700485, 0.43369227298535407, 0.8126023202203214, 0.7325725506525487, 0.7870683048386127, 0.1420125358272344, 0.613825210602954, 0.800145901273936, 0.16699728299863636, 0.24957622145302594, 0.9230147004127502, 0.1777809807099402, 0.1551493383012712, 0.0659571650903672, 0.16362811857834458, 0.9832211767788976, 0.5753910664934665, 0.18532320321537554, 0.0817986368201673, 0.38371359603479505, 0.3672252898104489, 0.2686619511805475, 0.5961428780574352, 0.3147430373355746, 0.7797189066186547, 0.17525314260274172, 0.2706147921271622, 0.95674939150922, 0.04000434186309576, 1.6272686820011586, 1.2893880212213844, 1.1239875766914338, 1.0393936382606626, 1.6179117665160447, 1.1732992683537304, 1.8419874012470245, 1.9823895771987736, 1.314796832157299, 1.9108861002605408, 1.5135578606277704, 1.5176379182375968, 1.8375278790481389, 1.3254752936773002, 1.983799454756081, 1.9024036568589509, 1.7053706282749772, 1.46003647451289, 1.0697841939982027, 1.4861325724050403, 1.4521106076426804, 1.049098342191428, 1.4842216663528234, 1.0709092498291284, 1.6616141218692064, 1.4426268842071295, 1.4876688090153039, 1.1425868391525, 1.9754651389084756, 1.9476044932380319, 1.242810134543106, 1.7199941449798644, 1.0364333428442478, 1.5602740969043225, 1.9748671080451459, 1.5647319180425256, 1.6083060114178807, 1.6823475775308907, 1.598462690366432, 1.5241062240675092, 1.858442127238959, 1.2036647228524089, 1.637167101725936, 1.9257614994421601, 1.0339122544974089, 1.3387787065003067, 1.4944918337278068, 1.5120137671474367, 1.6516735202167183, 1.0520322055090219, 1.5721769395750016, 1.6504305221606046, 1.1302736531943083, 1.747170380083844, 1.817068998934701, 1.2286284116562456, 1.2669887214433402, 1.7086700212676078, 1.1197765269316733, 1.0045097945258021, 1.4411674283910543, 1.8930867402814329, 1.5364300508517772, 1.2050516307353973, 1.8358218567445874, 1.6794490115717053, 1.057878116844222, 1.1362418492790312, 1.7223594142124057, 1.7635707648005337, 1.6001001487020403, 1.602800385793671, 1.7886128625832498, 1.0469914677087218, 1.5173992274794728, 1.2542509008198977, 1.8027332450728863, 1.4915104494430125, 1.807626226451248, 1.295609625056386, 2.153028395958245, 2.2548014579806477, 2.0644990417640656, 2.179163824999705, 2.5634237457998097, 2.964860894018784, 2.514818490948528, 2.815409113653004, 2.718041622079909, 2.9301165535580367, 2.8731642568018287, 2.3456209062132984, 2.368799958610907, 2.40335151553154, 2.5092209219001234, 2.93448624224402, 2.7365157837048173, 2.5411542523652315, 2.841458552284166, 2.1420760250184685, 2.5086980105843395, 2.132237218087539, 2.657301521860063, 2.113211118383333, 2.402919319923967, 2.656498619588092, 2.623409082647413, 2.0497679149266332, 2.3776812558062375, 2.58576080435887, 2.888345104875043, 2.0116300568915904, 2.5514019201509655, 2.2151909067761153, 2.506520065944642, 2.6842510325368494, 2.3819001084193587, 2.22684555221349, 2.1919987306464463, 2.7669073920696974, 2.483206676086411, 2.613362126518041, 2.091795057989657, 2.7970756767317653, 2.098654264351353, 2.5089425570331514, 2.69584758579731, 2.233009371906519, 2.202475953148678, 2.6386937166098505, 2.5396356196142733, 2.3106802159454674, 2.5157108472194523, 2.112247578566894, 2.9190088401082903, 2.8388558679725975, 2.054102996829897, 2.0880780443549156, 2.1529182312078774, 2.3589870971627533, 2.9643736029975116, 2.9006454560440034, 2.917658871272579, 2.3393485439009964, 2.386584765277803, 2.297198249027133, 2.002521653426811, 2.5224624851252884, 2.295435750624165, 2.3746230478864163, 2.7040070097427815, 2.94980440242216, 2.9313856582157314, 2.1241871879901737, 2.4043666860088706, 2.9927347495686263, 2.2546013607643545, 2.115568191744387, 2.8556733154691756, 2.5996571206487715, 2.5867491781245917, 2.517156660091132, 2.383967690868303, 2.062040037708357, 2.9000483120325953, 2.8847227033693343, 3.6129798486363143, 3.167288882890716, 3.9083045755978674, 3.3650636619422585, 3.9046888574957848, 3.0888530118390918, 3.788748978637159, 3.039049857761711, 3.3696536535862833, 3.403338215779513, 3.9076068873982877, 3.063925933558494, 3.0070274954196066, 3.141800434794277, 3.858351993141696, 3.886612997157499, 3.4493117346428335, 3.4854851940181106, 3.241181547753513, 3.36462353146635, 3.995140730869025, 3.3442553898785263, 3.1074606613256037, 3.469687277218327, 3.5394299724139273, 3.42497806600295, 3.166991509962827, 3.8832767414860427, 3.424954258603975, 3.1848654728382826, 3.119206426665187, 3.398595546837896, 3.5726380760315806, 3.5763571860734373, 3.769791132537648, 3.6514471690170467, 3.888594860676676, 3.2891286332160234, 3.112941193860024, 3.788826401112601, 3.5592597159557045, 3.016423554858193, 3.206959714880213, 3.3992440328001976, 3.780860946048051, 3.2960829187650234, 3.6254958296194673, 3.9177450246643275, 3.395790610695258, 3.9445328610017896, 3.9316441137343645, 3.7679289556108415, 3.5027241981588304, 3.230270097963512, 3.135325021808967, 3.10636571329087, 3.593332615448162, 3.2978987358510494, 3.7503717904910445, 3.5583006988745183, 3.7051537865772843, 3.683728290023282, 3.2121185432188213, 3.456077829003334, 3.178331037517637, 3.574797579785809, 3.7500220807269216, 3.535201925551519, 3.0696256808005273, 3.9733134345151484, 3.708994559245184, 3.999609963502735, 3.5211490849033, 3.199205546407029, 3.8462420168798417, 3.8642705224920064, 3.7728459034115076, 3.3505490210372955, 3.2574511892162263, 3.1217830730602145, 3.7317080388311297, 3.1689609463792294, 4.412337086163461, 4.775074677309021, 4.269007222959772, 4.379941332619637, 4.521826701238751, 4.507648713188246, 4.377957767341286, 4.845270154997706, 4.620310700265691, 4.505854217801243, 4.766361894086003, 4.297945742728189, 4.690155304735526, 4.990782228531316, 4.751005073077977, 4.52207426680252, 4.472650147974491, 4.279195811832324, 4.064710825448856, 4.747295276727527, 4.359091964317486, 4.453143073711544, 4.791183681925759, 4.065462650265545, 4.8599758837372065, 4.391270949039608, 4.118273793021217, 4.346932429354638, 4.408021016744897, 4.10692897089757, 4.80771545576863, 4.678577427053824, 4.474482234800234, 4.21749186492525, 4.838653514161706, 4.519126264145598, 4.637975940480828, 4.089661605656147, 4.207194598624483, 4.7412223210558295, 4.9078575011808425, 4.528616082621738, 4.4904011997859925, 4.3812264676671475, 4.825315475463867, 4.485365625470877, 4.2432992975227535, 4.183946228353307, 4.208018735749647, 4.369968143990263, 4.105095712002367, 4.340835950803012, 5.802564444253221, 5.900208983803168, 5.7484047275502235, 5.808490205556154, 5.687076970702037, 5.177281126845628, 5.168105253949761, 5.0253105636220425, 5.484616161324084, 5.172825272427872, 5.290873915189877, 5.805182979442179, 5.697085172636434, 5.152558763045818, 5.8887134455144405, 5.89970693946816, 5.106062627863139, 5.3692913595587015, 5.86718502943404, 5.287331831641495, 5.552462311927229, 5.61735230195336, 5.5717890546657145, 5.928174323635176, 6.598283917410299, 6.830040595494211, 6.507725075120106, 6.91228944901377, 6.041416303953156, 6.685992510756478, 6.310655578970909, 6.999178980244324, 6.859824058366939, 6.463044062256813, 7.027927010785788, 7.884113737847656, 7.808842851780355, 7.527342528570443, 7.16014543431811, 7.986928068799898, 8.920865198830143, 8.602888367837295, 8.375065272441134, 8.575390453450382, 8.30816020281054, 8.686886535026133, 8.707367132417858, 8.483757114037871, 8.271712355315685, 8.515681512886658, 9.387307563098148, 9.740376872709021, 9.930129713844508, 9.778045837767422, 9.602479150518775, 9.651241643354297, 9.813720665872097, 9.305199492257088, 9.752738893730566, 9.641427762806416, 9.163066834909841, 9.876087951241061, 9.233817304018885, 9.335982247721404, 9.84920947952196, 9.643945200834423, 9.775532919215038, 9.05222319229506, 9.554235622752458, 9.791104384697974, 9.980081152170897, 9.919430799316615, 9.469624823657796, 9.055823150090873], "z": [0.8719478216953576, 0.4148060216102749, 0.8432683928404003, 0.11770685063675046, 0.31331429863348603, 0.8861221172846854, 0.7342812963761389, 0.4049909617751837, 0.09716340154409409, 0.5060414599720389, 0.3299456527456641, 0.30026019806973636, 0.1114031991455704, 0.7284526247531176, 0.9261859983671457, 0.9268681844696403, 0.3644343700725585, 0.10256424476392567, 0.9215031950734556, 0.25808497657999396, 0.5818137775640935, 0.3761903289705515, 0.10943541070446372, 0.8793957422021776, 0.3364538587629795, 0.8245364499744028, 0.1930232048034668, 0.454692633356899, 0.8468845982570201, 0.3670143343042582, 0.14062438625842333, 0.4508564895950258, 0.5389192153234035, 0.39330559922382236, 0.16947043989785016, 0.017596534453332424, 0.5020011018496007, 0.5420633479952812, 0.6645504648331553, 0.18144721677526832, 0.5595354014076293, 0.19249809882603586, 0.7715206274297088, 0.2353523971978575, 0.7883595151361078, 0.62979396735318, 0.3128652493469417, 0.9337760943453759, 0.8044060396496207, 0.8250771660823375, 0.2884956926573068, 0.762659226777032, 0.4660563475918025, 0.15061967656947672, 0.8671543765813112, 0.8244620379991829, 0.6166542340070009, 0.06455410807393491, 0.4010322019457817, 0.5897730775177479, 0.30749274091795087, 0.0015476243570446968, 0.3383472568821162, 0.09722223319113255, 0.895828076871112, 0.12008327897638083, 0.444502234691754, 0.7761023892089725, 0.22817452414892614, 0.4690653297584504, 0.5295340963639319, 0.4799138174857944, 0.5511941846925765, 0.023913641925901175, 0.05666164145804942, 0.3021971299313009, 0.11028566304594278, 0.6807616390287876, 0.246755309170112, 0.5538221811875701, 0.808239571750164, 0.5570594696328044, 0.3408067903947085, 0.05433098692446947, 0.8959363724570721, 0.6107380893081427, 0.7955797864124179, 0.4815753228031099, 0.9345099132042378, 0.7240043866913766, 0.558474617311731, 0.21652911137789488, 0.35001735598780215, 0.9125017116311938, 0.6897466918453574, 0.7009552735835314, 0.8961684787645936, 0.9630712578073144, 0.44123786059208214, 0.677783165127039, 0.8119423615280539, 0.10997747257351875, 0.6800296939909458, 0.24240451981313527, 0.8865551231428981, 0.7746545353438705, 0.35613016271963716, 0.7203242930117995, 0.28656533686444163, 0.4659734717570245, 0.26198670733720064, 0.22863121330738068, 0.7793767105322331, 0.7557431135792285, 0.38216429576277733, 0.7958768093958497, 0.2906445397529751, 0.8964552031829953, 0.8742746533825994, 0.25092582893557847, 0.2449185005389154, 0.7362797581590712, 0.9028456655796617, 0.6210877941921353, 0.6237629884853959, 0.5545791035983711, 0.18931972747668624, 0.28468402614817023, 0.36807543970644474, 0.948227689601481, 0.5180155604612082, 0.45390111044980586, 0.372452006675303, 0.45508812996558845, 0.8023789883591235, 0.2906514455098659, 0.8857892053201795, 0.8654924342408776, 0.4184243951458484, 0.7418973776511848, 0.351487189065665, 0.12495626811869442, 0.9739949882496148, 0.9318679077550769, 0.4133124372456223, 0.9943310236558318, 0.37221176736056805, 0.8131475425325334, 0.10052445973269641, 0.7392746633850038, 0.8850923522841185, 0.9258358327206224, 0.5069710642565042, 0.028130672173574567, 0.7327222120948136, 0.8546603571157902, 0.5360098136588931, 0.46741713280789554, 0.07155202119611204, 0.8365656828973442, 0.06707912357524037, 0.6014549608808011, 0.6885339287109673, 0.6758975661359727, 0.04229413578286767, 0.9761926669161767, 0.9435417496133596, 0.637349933385849, 0.19968226156197488, 0.6401000318583101, 0.6726546748541296, 0.828418537043035, 0.6721787971910089, 0.8469771048985422, 0.19537023943848908, 0.983159766998142, 0.08464974910020828, 0.4066115287132561, 0.8132402515038848, 0.802739686332643, 0.2963646368589252, 0.14732688618823886, 0.4417859462555498, 0.9367477195337415, 0.7458598457742482, 0.8756555661093444, 0.27522641350515187, 0.15405699866823852, 0.5431839211378247, 0.09684704593382776, 0.3741397599224001, 0.9639582131057978, 0.5726216293405741, 0.8187160231173038, 0.8983042512554675, 0.9263476694468409, 0.3893596036359668, 0.8406996179837734, 0.5799589836969972, 0.4486887129023671, 0.7233240301720798, 0.9474427618551999, 0.9724285148549825, 0.6143290454056114, 0.8426068555563688, 0.5171274393796921, 0.16204952937550843, 0.5452548048924655, 0.5641059321351349, 0.04144249320961535, 0.2693228395655751, 0.18292503664270043, 0.3301236145198345, 0.2727667889557779, 0.4502948655281216, 0.5910975018050522, 0.8555004217196256, 0.3986389359924942, 0.45825324952602386, 0.6936845229938626, 0.06834457092918456, 0.5240429306868464, 0.2923551951535046, 0.5572352707386017, 0.8870739424601197, 0.7102163103409111, 0.9885298437438905, 0.4178173115942627, 0.6577352441381663, 0.9760162413585931, 0.9575561450328678, 0.4574625713285059, 0.45037309639155865, 0.18856777646578848, 0.5801769008394331, 0.21698694489896297, 0.4738369486294687, 0.4103585882112384, 0.8078875264618546, 0.7403396859299392, 0.005610877647995949, 0.6201567919924855, 0.6352768582291901, 0.6253811367787421, 0.6615892709232867, 0.21858975710347295, 0.7360049032140523, 0.7650927836075425, 0.5588583340868354, 0.4589704447425902, 0.1372162273619324, 0.920178797794506, 0.8001870841253549, 0.7322789991740137, 0.008565004216507077, 0.5353219609241933, 0.43720049248076975, 0.19221190037205815, 0.9587408259976655, 0.8627124631311744, 0.41469919215887785, 0.8433278705924749, 0.5443675497081131, 0.6691364583093673, 0.18405458144843578, 0.3193781010340899, 0.5671180826611817, 0.9504837223794311, 0.7096780855208635, 0.8574612997472286, 0.9456475584302098, 0.21258534281514585, 0.7096367590129375, 0.24299413291737437, 0.05651236115954816, 0.8566073519177735, 0.5545715014450252, 0.20042913407087326, 0.059872508281841874, 0.555716872215271, 0.8484103970695287, 0.07696002838201821, 0.4106297320686281, 0.8540636922698468, 0.14872823399491608, 0.3716406603343785, 0.8255976031068712, 0.22836859244853258, 0.8665792609099299, 0.07928129425272346, 0.17748503829352558, 0.14334605843760073, 0.4845145344734192, 0.6132680564187467, 0.5083646052516997, 0.1812696075066924, 0.4021709773223847, 0.5157988243736327, 0.9723774043377489, 0.8020052339415997, 0.050965897273272276, 0.0371592880692333, 0.8692082581110299, 0.46563734649680555, 0.7004371357616037, 0.5097842197865248, 0.7371249867137522, 0.723668702878058, 0.14339215797372162, 0.15037071844562888, 0.7933658270630985, 0.914393916958943, 0.08730261540040374, 0.07174306595697999, 0.5170461458619684, 0.7702125969808549, 0.6443731661420316, 0.07913885242305696, 0.4578331063967198, 0.9420789978466928, 0.5946831502951682, 0.4090582672506571, 0.516965108923614, 0.8267103752586991, 0.8635935459751636, 0.4488632921129465, 0.22765341238118708, 0.5535956132225692, 0.4814243158325553, 0.4759240762796253, 0.9994483266491443, 0.6392095005139709, 0.788979999255389, 0.6799134581815451, 0.7472879562992603, 0.7148103232029825, 0.3175223218277097, 0.608673915732652, 0.7129040434956551, 0.1434532522689551, 0.6459212501067668, 0.11509928619489074, 0.0779953298624605, 0.9077938194386661, 0.025434872834011912, 0.010407669236883521, 0.2042242675088346, 0.012155778473243117, 0.43000835878774524, 0.29921325761824846, 0.5458822469227016, 0.7142849019728601, 0.2029218440875411, 0.34806472319178283, 0.8691572551615536, 0.6428648331202567, 0.9152295710518956, 0.90830685547553, 0.3950722306035459, 0.857416964834556, 0.060256466967985034, 0.17770901531912386, 0.47427354380488396, 0.24376434134319425, 0.6435993683990091, 0.5244178413413465, 0.6207310068421066, 0.4445248369593173, 0.9642376594711095, 0.5089005418121815, 0.56203857017681, 0.35893755918368697, 0.8608951086644083, 0.07695324975065887, 0.6298936535604298, 0.9177066716365516, 0.680106365820393, 0.4076530945021659, 0.3794623822905123, 0.9615187521558255, 0.2114925174973905, 0.9157357106450945, 0.7462515835650265, 0.9376831171102822, 0.18421338661573827, 0.12215188099071383, 0.030955109046772122, 0.7442734902724624, 0.9480226882733405, 0.056728764437139034, 0.35744212032295763, 0.7105274524074048, 0.468692728318274, 0.5973859638907015, 0.5402112521696836, 0.6375036162789911, 0.17034022719599307, 0.2915690734516829, 0.5464689172804356, 0.3088744736742228, 0.4902396034449339, 0.595341736683622, 0.2764657740481198, 0.7034580565523356, 0.009496020153164864, 0.813983659259975, 0.35977557371370494, 0.014019446214661002, 0.04264116962440312, 0.8878884362056851, 0.027739064767956734, 0.5342081994749606, 0.46204526722431183, 0.48571917857043445, 0.1657256786711514, 0.2767972992733121, 0.6466651239898056, 0.9621398984454572, 0.8840697503183037, 0.6017189286649227, 0.8440906077157706, 0.08951696520671248, 0.08633173676207662, 0.42343691154383123, 0.06532678660005331]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#a6cee3", "name": "A", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}, {"data": {"y": [0.2952202034648508, 0.33673188369721174, 0.5245874579995871, 0.6264436859637499, 0.7304816029500216, 0.4542057211510837, 0.9920742202084512, 0.7665348704904318, 0.17483369237743318, 0.6196764544583857, 0.928241791203618, 0.3088615508750081, 0.5744704192038625, 0.5302196964621544, 0.5414320626296103, 0.8710034843534231, 0.7808935514185578, 0.778874387498945, 0.5606130356900394, 0.9020084154326469, 0.9195788665674627, 0.267768126912415, 0.9565230612643063, 0.36968475487083197, 0.8234016781207174, 0.8549186724703759, 0.5696715698577464, 0.7868248235899955, 0.22538305702619255, 0.9950170512311161, 0.8548339735716581, 0.2970757728908211, 0.5762354757171124, 0.944879479939118, 0.12028051377274096, 0.9754885721486062, 0.8170798062346876, 0.05384697299450636, 0.38064368767663836, 0.08150135166943073, 0.5446208277717233, 0.5089503126218915, 0.5738468435592949, 0.6537715892773122, 0.4727090026717633, 0.37432108633220196, 0.8955905286129564, 0.908074660692364, 0.07681121863424778, 0.6930326903238893, 0.5851829284802079, 0.08595605217851698, 0.1211869886610657, 0.3456488256342709, 0.48639247799292207, 0.9368693684227765, 0.06882196408696473, 0.126978593878448, 0.359948051860556, 0.4054881678894162, 0.25320449308492243, 0.04858420859090984, 0.9024132271297276, 0.8945596893317997, 0.7081661727279425, 0.44072696496732533, 0.14624463790096343, 0.19818102684803307, 0.18582613626495004, 0.025231776060536504, 0.6334137723315507, 0.5019785002805293, 0.3345759322401136, 0.3048789130989462, 0.5712188209872693, 0.8898180783726275, 0.98709468357265, 0.9280287532601506, 0.003093377221375704, 0.8763874443247914, 0.6917995112016797, 0.5064280177466571, 0.5756809187587351, 0.30887709883973, 0.5638634839560837, 0.5032540410757065, 0.7061391386669129, 0.8735866160131991, 0.9029727843590081, 0.7201644740998745, 0.19447338487952948, 0.17722054268233478, 0.9783201545942575, 0.2965756286866963, 0.830776734277606, 0.6771838755812496, 0.09643452265299857, 0.1383900004439056, 0.03776525449939072, 0.13886873074807227, 0.2890304150059819, 0.4039054273162037, 0.1534778217319399, 0.026076961774379015, 0.23106025788001716, 0.7682976094074547, 0.545727746328339, 0.5225595778319985, 0.47519244719296694, 0.9984006811864674, 0.8046384130138904, 0.07476661400869489, 0.6066207198891789, 0.45893844263628125, 0.17207738058641553, 0.2762665203772485, 0.48378543090075254, 0.5393359439913183, 0.8166551950853318, 0.16352698230184615, 0.0784272993914783, 0.8164520892314613, 0.5316969456616789, 0.2710936404764652, 0.7994243763387203, 0.8833587246481329, 0.7386997060384601, 0.6230919291265309, 0.8447445412166417, 0.45861976873129606, 0.29533945419825613, 0.7051759941969067, 0.38605708512477577, 0.4423899401444942, 0.9871194923762232, 0.44174759765155613, 0.30824630125425756, 0.12460679677315056, 0.9785058624111116, 0.5287573437672108, 0.05903183529153466, 0.60669528064318, 0.49195536645129323, 0.7375865292269737, 0.9572386578656733, 0.6583610703237355, 0.09099737578071654, 0.5756113026291132, 0.0780729684047401, 0.5634002080187201, 0.8988680592738092, 0.15646872855722904, 0.9882120862603188, 0.6288505466654897, 0.788862076587975, 0.008626413065940142, 0.025283778551965952, 0.7506646155379713, 0.6051304300781339, 0.41591916303150356, 0.8395108701661229, 0.5462530108634382, 0.6742677956353873, 0.44461305579170585, 0.25779599603265524, 0.0940408450551331, 0.4671944468282163, 0.24016493232920766, 0.565729255322367, 0.7948285269085318, 0.2827679810579866, 0.2864685747772455, 0.5103243158664554, 0.28641366213560104, 0.6125000528991222, 0.5355879901908338, 0.41882621101103723, 0.7317798191215843, 0.1748931349720806, 0.8000591695308685, 0.0654451115988195, 0.29548913380131125, 0.401170517783612, 0.16709653660655022, 0.9949039311613888, 0.8637343365699053, 0.024961507180705667, 0.4147037051152438, 0.8962539467029274, 0.5373774955514818, 0.5524990272242576, 0.9045389571692795, 0.8596168402582407, 0.5765412827022374, 0.006323981331661344, 0.34816118609160185, 0.27412277832627296, 0.2541813738644123, 0.4102802525740117, 0.060110056307166815, 0.4685944695957005, 0.20628548902459443, 0.338356216205284, 0.8416512617841363, 0.06686151144094765, 0.8520225218962878, 0.7145668175071478, 0.02586827310733497, 0.3400312471203506, 0.8365834893193096, 0.6806871735025197, 0.3100919008720666, 0.978239024290815, 0.7983152202796191, 0.18594173155725002, 0.5585330326575786, 0.16102239093743265, 0.8198036490939558, 0.9485215949825943, 0.5180546578485519, 0.04249109956435859, 0.10536740301176906, 0.3352739796973765, 0.9501752238720655, 0.023261710535734892, 0.6172468217555434, 0.5547541263513267, 0.8323824885301292, 0.7174878476653248, 0.48540327977389097, 0.3843081786762923, 0.12044567940756679, 0.9709226025734097, 0.4348750435747206, 0.41554897860623896, 0.8545279842801392, 0.261173315346241, 0.9372167626861483, 0.8775852625258267, 0.48955514817498624, 0.30007513822056353, 0.9908797605894506, 0.7890286890324205, 0.30526702059432864, 0.3950759000144899, 0.06359839672222733, 0.20214612665586174, 0.2954610572196543, 0.6080890733283013, 0.33590655913576484, 0.5859059011563659, 0.09089043503627181, 0.8272523235064, 0.23699876992031932, 0.029231837019324303, 0.21225905581377447, 0.8908371992874891, 0.20877414336428046, 0.5107679083012044, 0.13609305722638965, 0.3022615897934884, 0.2903422708623111, 0.06824823189526796, 0.2208647874649614, 0.7605120784137398, 0.6074182828888297, 0.555748286889866, 0.38034218619577587, 0.6221276838332415, 0.31079941475763917, 0.22528035985305905, 0.3794345494825393, 0.20546564389951527, 0.5069197944831103, 0.5357114104554057, 0.5081772608682513, 0.9292725250124931, 0.9121733442880213, 0.17054927325807512, 0.5216456211637706, 0.7163819803390652, 0.8027208861894906, 0.13429516437463462, 0.619421441340819, 0.7743642728310078, 0.16572679998353124, 0.7684191544540226, 0.34474596194922924, 0.19706457969732583, 0.8791900135111064, 0.3419747222214937, 0.18237798335030675, 0.5367816616781056, 0.18048807117156684, 0.22705247183330357, 0.9617409617640078, 0.34179501165635884, 0.3721194779500365, 0.3256220556795597, 0.7450573605019599, 0.5793444272130728, 0.5001279441639781, 0.7738233024720103, 0.09681268990971148, 0.13300341181457043, 0.883136480813846, 0.6827703563030809, 0.9046001681126654, 0.7391808445099741, 0.9049721667543054, 0.37114520207978785, 0.00762327085249126, 0.2547774203121662, 0.034827347844839096, 0.7137067948933691, 0.3408500317018479, 0.5713394838385284, 0.17203319841064513, 0.9389095501974225, 0.9737130554858595, 0.8131844126619399, 0.19682731362991035, 0.9646535774227232, 0.6552387815900147, 0.18990640435367823, 0.005995953688398004, 0.6980203688144684, 0.7346196945291013, 0.23427774547599256, 0.9808210111223161, 0.08622717787511647, 0.7952953658532351, 0.7668137287255377, 0.1609025017824024, 0.58240200066939, 0.4475573112722486, 0.44580035004764795, 0.3153984847012907, 0.5428422391414642, 0.1877043624408543, 0.6884427834302187, 0.7790433201007545, 0.521991188172251, 0.5936997516546398, 0.006408055080100894, 0.591464058496058, 0.2572479934897274, 0.17070191027596593, 0.7197244705166668, 0.10061977128498256, 0.37085005547851324, 0.24190284893848002, 0.7626291569322348, 0.8952002325095236, 0.30227884463965893, 0.8203076503705233, 0.578560042893514, 0.5711961961351335, 0.007700317306444049, 0.7797903795726597, 0.958909448934719, 0.2999671280849725, 0.8352847946807742, 0.46247730148024857, 0.27610469050705433, 0.06326923752203584, 0.5982050620950758, 0.26448408677242696, 0.37697780784219503, 0.34580803709104657, 0.4306653586681932, 0.2847740107681602, 0.8612737534567714, 0.18382226373068988, 0.12736307200975716, 0.34157116687856615, 0.8701600770000368, 0.3806224102154374, 0.7052470452617854, 0.08151053730398417, 0.6360847153700888, 0.42445405572652817, 0.8878205243963748, 0.30926435347646475, 0.7953068655915558, 0.2721379364375025, 0.8211461193859577, 0.1922255870886147, 0.28562139836139977, 0.88835798506625, 0.21253852057270706, 0.19398957584053278, 0.11284250835888088, 0.10495200799778104, 0.6049640281125903, 0.48045165790244937, 0.9329035480041057, 0.14013151009567082, 0.6245829877443612, 0.44539890182204545, 0.2802270862739533, 0.3026199440937489, 0.699852384859696, 0.7431032606400549, 0.1981963748112321, 0.5427735727280378, 0.43618770223110914, 0.14026842638850212, 0.2120163009967655, 0.9946028268896043, 0.6519036004319787, 0.8891912447288632, 0.07064393465407193, 0.19333258015103638, 0.7439313938375562, 0.2761982411611825, 0.5808506864123046, 0.7570524562615901, 0.7689903238788247, 0.8134540738537908, 0.060784875648096204, 0.021741793025285006, 0.21861837338656187, 0.3363578147254884, 0.2883001435548067], "x": [0.5341494448948652, 0.14664247329346836, 0.08484425791539252, 0.5140234129503369, 0.12972791958600283, 0.8374607120640576, 0.5074818218126893, 0.994508117903024, 0.27870080061256886, 0.9694219809025526, 0.38106846041046083, 0.8862027814611793, 0.45782011025585234, 0.8022588505409658, 0.7951233370695263, 0.9053512471728027, 0.7263150888029486, 0.8253799546509981, 0.5713787283748388, 0.7779121375642717, 0.24115000455640256, 0.6324216234497726, 0.4357863129116595, 0.757308630971238, 0.03232049895450473, 1.3822556708473712, 1.4397672195918858, 1.218389696907252, 1.0563646596856415, 1.4414263074286282, 1.2918809719849378, 1.1204023056197912, 2.236727827694267, 2.7031969991512597, 2.770175209734589, 2.3177035404369235, 2.3921500050928444, 2.9089341091457754, 2.8601005217060447, 2.844765104819089, 2.068397669121623, 2.4869037200696766, 3.4004165697842836, 3.2346873404458165, 3.2530977660790086, 3.1755690397694707, 3.1227514226920903, 3.01027441653423, 3.3749696747399867, 3.522687423042953, 3.7020762148313224, 3.4438864053227007, 3.0654899135697633, 3.9146519638597965, 3.7141541249584407, 3.0475371626671404, 3.7594623011536896, 3.224877232220024, 3.84458494046703, 3.5183548617642373, 3.4810679510701448, 3.481631066882983, 3.2885451309848577, 3.273461383068934, 4.59708910388872, 4.190557407448068, 4.548853465355933, 4.50841005356051, 4.437564179068431, 4.035626435652375, 4.885306782322004, 4.909752102103084, 4.680637955432758, 4.5354540722910315, 4.599123664665967, 4.461714327801019, 4.147595261456445, 4.7160949253011495, 4.265318861696869, 4.240514110540971, 4.613411979516968, 4.871280154911801, 4.286460229195654, 4.057293817168102, 4.241490044863895, 4.3121895745862275, 4.630522444378585, 4.963028574595228, 4.643180614802986, 4.003843520069495, 4.584772517438978, 4.774809360969812, 4.700079784262925, 4.766312669264153, 4.313852564431727, 4.199600378982723, 5.505829865811393, 5.61041452200152, 5.903763446724042, 5.597642837790772, 5.5858565114904195, 5.636888747569174, 5.100212890189141, 5.822745698271319, 5.288455721922219, 5.708655419293791, 5.670473048929125, 5.714485534001142, 5.477015283657238, 5.868920188397169, 5.943263609660789, 5.872438687831163, 5.819031811086461, 5.7515461086295545, 5.942119636107236, 5.9429294555448, 5.057085252134129, 5.090407494921237, 5.114494518842548, 5.476296525914222, 5.60915856808424, 5.415953180752695, 5.124538559932262, 5.669973213458434, 5.334967529401183, 5.571560297859833, 5.880918668815866, 5.871670220512897, 5.228288297308609, 5.8600388639606535, 5.234225888736546, 5.889811711385846, 5.711679186904803, 5.300612021470442, 5.839276780374348, 5.399411932099611, 5.3916722177527845, 5.440117490245029, 5.086640600813553, 5.274001969024539, 5.550346416886896, 5.346264094347134, 5.23846081038937, 5.638789970194921, 5.439054914982989, 5.897149450145662, 6.579566453816369, 6.453717229887843, 6.778934031026438, 6.439155570697039, 6.131367760244757, 6.218179144430906, 6.454304400132969, 6.612924464978278, 6.987247381592169, 6.224638640182093, 6.643858630210161, 6.728336439002305, 6.363276903517544, 6.681680603185669, 6.730358819710091, 6.117429407313466, 6.623797229724005, 6.463748613605276, 6.028053579386324, 6.263456374406815, 6.5206782564055175, 6.868111605988815, 6.661843421636149, 6.288489582017064, 6.45848803780973, 6.911591148935258, 6.581161345355213, 6.874745921930298, 6.205797730945051, 6.034501851303503, 6.598970421589911, 6.589708452112973, 6.688812875654548, 6.308227061061189, 6.487365738488734, 6.085442728130147, 6.838716911850497, 6.066095689311624, 6.752531939186156, 6.3554527221713215, 6.2826428594999015, 6.119229953503236, 6.7838858612813056, 6.286873055389151, 6.60772116552107, 6.029136727331206, 6.7844947702251375, 6.723732027690858, 6.248849540948868, 6.095733202062547, 6.93548696860671, 6.227580127771944, 6.690681292209774, 6.998993644025177, 6.299100660253316, 6.021448111627251, 6.757203619927168, 6.3544802407268435, 6.968382962280884, 6.1230451464653015, 6.572622119216248, 6.081509309820831, 7.211398026207462, 7.337069103028625, 7.042855866486207, 7.844764269189909, 7.5559131517075, 7.625846478855237, 7.836628457764164, 7.3605087785981596, 7.09240732784383, 7.090645242482424, 7.23526669293642, 7.719001737888902, 7.548824633704498, 7.861090976279229, 7.073266976047307, 7.312506878981367, 7.729652449255809, 7.419429885689169, 7.010969185270369, 7.951443151338026, 7.18381815450266, 7.658762646373361, 7.835801099659875, 7.334971715928987, 7.934442211640999, 7.670271031558514, 7.457580201793462, 7.353679813910276, 7.703865742776543, 7.116230879444629, 7.828234643209726, 7.104431472951546, 7.268665879033506, 7.105736252153292, 7.999416378093883, 7.9632593367714435, 7.692649447359145, 7.961375905899331, 7.466447499580681, 7.484179004561156, 7.241549165919423, 7.430889589013532, 7.162776413373649, 7.6852585189044476, 7.256524414755404, 7.87064870679751, 7.166664035525173, 7.206751966383308, 7.375371822854504, 7.173724745865911, 7.874457286205143, 7.203034658217803, 7.089260055450723, 7.580810288898647, 7.62981368182227, 7.85024469322525, 7.219248619163409, 7.931666957680136, 7.080622572917491, 7.556427075527608, 7.372578997397795, 7.32074326928705, 7.511345411883667, 7.602185988100246, 7.592153983656317, 7.168211731361225, 7.421731881564483, 7.9000258832238615, 7.06344880326651, 7.5412380213383585, 7.822830872610211, 7.392470775637776, 7.588925326941535, 7.639302281895652, 7.605189471971244, 7.405920451972634, 7.467152449768037, 7.737693802919239, 7.638330270769075, 7.381730760447681, 7.878567271400243, 7.065689009614289, 7.186220346949995, 7.280636800918728, 7.318748716963455, 7.649952999781817, 7.7520575425587595, 7.1541185362730175, 7.280421478208154, 7.941848170012236, 7.662558236159384, 7.017985358135775, 8.362604572670534, 8.472160695353523, 8.80569714284502, 8.492391183041036, 8.35763173433952, 8.650123165454715, 8.050701644737273, 8.22287257341668, 8.854095467599109, 8.339459359413013, 8.858544131275266, 8.426293544238433, 8.952956373803318, 8.803625167813152, 8.691201999317855, 8.582165741594508, 8.535967899719253, 8.306155025493354, 8.439169864170253, 8.47010206268169, 8.00278530549258, 8.242670034989715, 8.568144398974255, 8.487950791837648, 8.955790541600436, 8.570632301038131, 8.727987424237654, 8.73614222719334, 8.76084014121443, 8.524191914824769, 8.164174223551527, 8.174315201351419, 8.577682093717158, 8.938165186205879, 8.733944918494672, 8.375746991252527, 8.425657365471125, 8.564623172860593, 8.595477866241708, 8.223205379210413, 8.772934202803299, 8.366393180331215, 8.515256197424605, 8.15876189339906, 8.58111017360352, 8.285107646370307, 8.494377589551732, 8.589941911865026, 8.959377644583583, 8.321289620129392, 8.642940710531548, 8.301289995433763, 8.50282544689253, 8.791469104355201, 8.424635220319033, 8.554001466138288, 8.187812037067488, 8.892307980451733, 8.023382399696857, 8.0170590816997, 8.898318524705246, 8.744529239833355, 8.002004826208577, 8.520068996353075, 8.875727623701096, 8.354435748886317, 8.02008028095588, 8.835906360764056, 8.065066691720858, 8.08339650486596, 8.72955196001567, 8.98373929481022, 8.512250976869836, 8.703370143892244, 8.208871172275394, 8.642626598244533, 8.591795342275873, 9.642660789191723, 9.171770646469668, 9.416356933070347, 9.336711514741182, 9.03413413069211, 9.605652555590495, 9.54193701245822, 9.916797470767051, 9.547003050101921, 9.329175794264302, 9.129719705088064, 9.298003288451582, 9.115372658707201, 9.234016853384674, 9.957036988576874, 9.458844135515392, 9.463251170469448, 9.512787526473403, 9.440613464452326, 9.5353175138589, 9.662323944736272, 9.4971507510636, 9.556770189432427, 9.90725333453156, 9.617430747719482, 9.595575942425057, 9.635564040625468, 9.217664945637807, 9.606493313796818, 9.553208038210869, 9.793515349272639, 9.243260043906048, 9.364255481166765, 9.973480703542009, 9.9720351875294, 9.676342315040529, 9.433335719397292, 9.371406845282763, 9.915616953279823, 9.821811799425632, 9.954422594513744, 9.720696830423549, 9.944075065432116, 9.19335831864737, 9.536981862038374, 9.886911029694602, 9.79492001584731, 9.33940680557862], "z": [0.8846263787709177, 0.4082170217297971, 0.37299843807704747, 0.7100935953203589, 0.2502399040386081, 0.7595083927735686, 0.9022378197405487, 0.150080899707973, 0.2665678896009922, 0.6518271078821272, 0.2696503463666886, 0.5323397263418883, 0.8703288929536939, 0.24110971484333277, 0.1263443105854094, 0.5937048366758972, 0.7299946919083595, 0.015623745741322637, 0.07289133383892477, 0.007622526725754142, 0.6879118126817048, 0.9273830675520003, 0.1952869927044958, 0.7808713361155242, 0.7020413214340806, 0.6276593473739922, 0.9849542737938464, 0.8928296307567507, 0.5163201868999749, 0.5444301499519497, 0.3016629475168884, 0.5633886952418834, 0.7045471181627363, 0.46725746407173574, 0.5028936348389834, 0.11531706806272268, 0.1831137123517692, 0.6642823952715844, 0.2156015729997307, 0.9893184548709542, 0.31971488520503044, 0.9502996483352035, 0.07072660932317376, 0.9437571503221989, 0.538222648203373, 0.5223932978697121, 0.20980680920183659, 0.9592895838432014, 0.6065524546429515, 0.6011313984636217, 0.31881246576085687, 0.2778151228558272, 0.5292115216143429, 0.024909722851589322, 0.449922155123204, 0.6524240178987384, 0.7435294871684164, 0.7128294992726296, 0.34626712556928396, 0.012027643155306578, 0.5527979738544673, 0.4215669084805995, 0.12139331409707665, 0.034895686665549874, 0.9008591549936682, 0.9461463384795934, 0.037861489690840244, 0.5550271878018975, 0.6925082127563655, 0.2405012354720384, 0.9351537306793034, 0.9197057783603668, 0.2769492254592478, 0.8191606572363526, 0.4094404471106827, 0.8076061699539423, 0.8994601899757981, 0.04670367389917374, 0.5404042166192085, 0.6977541472297162, 0.5340742841362953, 0.6629962385632098, 0.44379106955602765, 0.7298574389424175, 0.42905669938772917, 0.5630617632996291, 0.872211110079661, 0.16598249599337578, 0.23017451749183238, 0.010194492293521762, 0.950714043341577, 0.42763790860772133, 0.14424653677269816, 0.3476508455350995, 0.010879878653213382, 0.7763843585271388, 0.6509748038370162, 0.4789086184464395, 0.8279488945845515, 0.44401415274478495, 0.6201115921139717, 0.6412276527844369, 0.7939018844626844, 0.5264479732140899, 0.7472883251029998, 0.4906185823492706, 0.5703199743293226, 0.8997837668284774, 0.1962337449658662, 0.627645296510309, 0.010729546193033457, 0.5103819433134049, 0.9106116802431643, 0.25819338974542916, 0.08551466697826982, 0.12179475999437273, 0.5039851882029325, 0.8791995644569397, 0.47406519879586995, 0.28437720029614866, 0.8967096128035337, 0.8140566335059702, 0.058032067492604256, 0.13340860698372126, 0.39544960763305426, 0.3087119518313557, 0.4532981791999191, 0.21896418882533908, 0.845145124476403, 0.15029286337085068, 0.8580563352443278, 0.7586719840764999, 0.7697599150706083, 0.9850943586789072, 0.43256222316995263, 0.8723596264608204, 0.34010718553327024, 0.09401276614516973, 0.40268982853740454, 0.09752914030104876, 0.9265695342328399, 0.12473607971332967, 0.698589432053268, 0.07184089696966112, 0.427891890052706, 0.41926051559858024, 0.15394916525110602, 0.28844679635949433, 0.20647973427549005, 0.7061685754451901, 0.4982596898917109, 0.2616154523566365, 0.5982961894478649, 0.8089817180298269, 0.47176641738042235, 0.7555146249942482, 0.11494144680909812, 0.5682881113607436, 0.3019664934836328, 0.5131669284310192, 0.6266012154519558, 0.6458475710824132, 0.7146008329000324, 0.5953932993579656, 0.5842994281556457, 0.6101009433623403, 0.9743385259062052, 0.6566819464787841, 0.7879197162110358, 0.23592774476855993, 0.37312483391724527, 0.2985360568854958, 0.9115916765294969, 0.1412604704964906, 0.05783135327510536, 0.6507873374503106, 0.3195378149393946, 0.018849012441933155, 0.43791927164420485, 0.12338070315308869, 0.561942593427375, 0.13580698077566922, 0.19816122017800808, 0.17678218381479383, 0.19725898443721235, 0.9157922980375588, 0.81484514917247, 0.756754694506526, 0.1698630021419376, 0.15264602145180106, 0.9117603308986872, 0.714237691834569, 0.4703057559672743, 0.686920881504193, 0.07203659601509571, 0.517256643390283, 0.207323424750939, 0.8284039094578475, 0.7709144551772624, 0.39559444482438266, 0.8920994799118489, 0.8883256164845079, 0.9347839478868991, 0.3795588326174766, 0.7063546592835337, 0.8407104925718158, 0.14900372177362442, 0.9542705016210675, 0.012771430192515254, 0.8603583325166255, 0.6012505393009633, 0.8742109620943666, 0.6329806777648628, 0.3153326092287898, 0.1451383780222386, 0.9048529635183513, 0.1374360176268965, 0.13806170388124883, 0.8776492094621062, 0.261399379465729, 0.751470695482567, 0.1903194561600685, 0.44535659160465, 0.603279871866107, 0.8925294408109039, 0.7747211998794228, 0.5274183950386941, 0.4516001536976546, 0.6163177732378244, 0.04600949236191809, 0.7333563836291432, 0.9622224441263825, 0.26783282635733485, 0.3759890019427985, 0.27087453100830317, 0.7952902587130666, 0.7960853925906122, 0.16637663380242884, 0.6789729853626341, 0.8048261879011989, 0.21604214725084603, 0.5756612226832658, 0.6782980517018586, 0.4492989438585937, 0.5029803479555994, 0.15592788765206933, 0.3993534818291664, 0.15555492020212114, 0.7576932213269174, 0.6589121213182807, 0.6557734364178032, 0.14529927680268884, 0.8886083797551692, 0.4435244684573263, 0.7736569424159825, 0.19592742179520428, 0.16311693517491221, 0.3904900059569627, 0.9304939687717706, 0.7183604743331671, 0.7755645469296724, 0.848371880594641, 0.6087039839476347, 0.5556083612609655, 0.3311167887877673, 0.2459749721456319, 0.9945504164788872, 0.5866150942165405, 0.8906239834614098, 0.8920121612027287, 0.5546249402686954, 0.7258571314159781, 0.8163509164005518, 0.11321755079552531, 0.06278648832812905, 0.5986504410393536, 0.5832246341742575, 0.9425406253430992, 0.794946659123525, 0.6460081217810512, 0.6820100429467857, 0.3878554867114872, 0.7027404347900301, 0.964032827410847, 0.6463587700854987, 0.8100379789248109, 0.49809211236424744, 0.9184704211074859, 0.7956430502235889, 0.38022011588327587, 0.5888407949823886, 0.9085291200317442, 0.47085223952308297, 0.602028661640361, 0.2924926185514778, 0.6353862101677805, 0.0815399142447859, 0.03350880881771445, 0.5696487994864583, 0.8790669122245163, 0.3193985044490546, 0.7317849884275347, 0.6898687577340752, 0.92624790687114, 0.21967527270317078, 0.270833192858845, 0.9570277114398777, 0.8827217828948051, 0.8387312802951783, 0.8122475920245051, 0.9319117025006562, 0.4089730945415795, 0.3404342602007091, 0.9495644874405116, 0.5767358459997922, 0.3089026906527579, 0.24068620149046183, 0.7466912230011076, 0.7595514862332493, 0.45416814531199634, 0.5736669162288308, 0.8783663180656731, 0.4910177458077669, 0.8565094373188913, 0.5841805241070688, 0.4056163872592151, 0.9923220011405647, 0.7947150042746216, 0.36342075583525, 0.7183090734761208, 0.8011185824871063, 0.6123357599135488, 0.9779910249635577, 0.5389999039471149, 0.21478957892395556, 0.9996282651554793, 0.7211920383851975, 0.3226732367184013, 0.2792115544434637, 0.5740118930116296, 0.12533872528001666, 0.32380041293799877, 0.841937530785799, 0.3980528209358454, 0.45592908607795835, 0.731495855608955, 0.8855535893235356, 0.7834708073642105, 0.03023926611058414, 0.6655456875450909, 0.3054645077791065, 0.31380283390171826, 0.49603207828477025, 0.8906049162615091, 0.1383892293088138, 0.7490588235668838, 0.9259200885426253, 0.2995059636887163, 0.06825288874097168, 0.32789458823390305, 0.07119543384760618, 0.118459178134799, 0.7849756903015077, 0.7310578669421375, 0.35483349091373384, 0.9890678348019719, 0.7377025461755693, 0.6511501101776958, 0.8612580988556147, 0.22389129363000393, 0.12803501053713262, 0.2912299418821931, 0.17170999362133443, 0.14339872682467103, 0.9323952354025096, 0.8914337437599897, 0.20305562624707818, 0.7689509333577007, 0.23224543407559395, 0.0115779098123312, 0.8205200170632452, 0.4847609489224851, 0.7303233856800944, 0.8714553478639573, 0.40510128857567906, 0.13779648370109499, 0.8366189359221607, 0.6176000633276999, 0.2702126610092819, 0.15143448230810463, 0.5138449314981699, 0.49254439934156835, 0.4117428313475102, 0.36251167743466794, 0.8742367886006832, 0.41702279169112444, 0.3121761274524033, 0.02345915511250496, 0.06177033530548215, 0.15393976215273142, 0.29468380147591233, 0.37606350891292095, 0.5078390948474407, 0.44741746759973466, 0.4263625228777528, 0.5849107427056879, 0.1740226778201759, 0.39198346552439034, 0.8275526773650199, 0.5375380029436201, 0.11459046835079789, 0.9884623987600207, 0.15590024553239346, 0.8210985995829105, 0.8394985473714769, 0.8525715111754835, 0.2526990242768079, 0.7788809656631202, 0.21150506008416414, 0.21589960623532534, 0.7962844194844365, 0.5347959022037685, 0.60533586749807, 0.42476110998541117, 0.8496365752071142]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#1f78b4", "name": "B", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}, {"data": {"y": [0.5056273974478245, 0.7295899332966655, 0.41975658969022334, 0.24971378012560308, 0.3298110521864146, 0.846592961344868, 0.6730440019164234, 0.7865895181894302, 0.5505530894733965, 0.18691789940930903, 0.6653090266045183, 0.11238446505740285, 0.6958239544183016, 0.3177036752458662, 0.7317809250671417, 0.22389297559857368, 0.7493353202007711, 0.8083156554494053, 0.1563816627021879, 0.6815601454582065, 0.6027271635830402, 0.7371475407853723, 0.19700252334587276, 0.3294313389342278, 0.15311125246807933, 0.9669052946846932, 0.4336693580262363, 0.5756352283060551, 0.9492456964217126, 0.9579613718669862, 0.12764743622392416, 0.3237782760988921, 0.22426463873125613, 0.822956781135872, 0.5077737562824041, 0.7856500092893839, 0.9441718359012157, 0.36927680717781186, 0.9645236625801772, 0.3391443018335849, 0.25997534417547286, 0.3069925014860928, 0.43002719176001847, 0.19569414504803717, 0.27558274543844163, 0.301933805225417, 0.29720708169043064, 0.05739264655858278, 0.3345781185198575, 0.4195116136688739, 0.5117382726166397, 0.7825773286167532, 0.19128972198814154, 0.6447230144403875, 0.3257579046767205, 0.7442994760349393, 0.8445715415291488, 0.5824520124588162, 0.22481382405385375, 0.05976238148286939, 0.8485575248487294, 0.37037962884642184, 0.2714801197871566, 0.6897451793774962, 0.3080207840539515, 0.3827593957539648, 0.9401404813397676, 0.3123493667226285, 0.3636424499563873, 0.2059678181540221, 0.6532318552490324, 0.32042282563634217, 0.3771070702932775, 0.8614182029850781, 0.6673982609063387, 0.2832867428660393, 0.09137608180753887, 0.19777456345036626, 0.6990087816957384, 0.6980578270740807, 0.23702628212049603, 0.7125205667689443, 0.7216531874146312, 0.35456949984654784, 0.11934332107193768, 0.9743046215735376, 0.8564103986136615, 0.6089212689548731, 0.9803003866691142, 0.9678600463084877, 0.9901048534084111, 0.0751374161336571, 0.7894228859804571, 0.9529729350470006, 0.5227687030564994, 0.3905890127643943, 0.48521651374176145, 0.8390676293056458, 0.31766354059800506, 0.08354694209992886, 0.7816652711480856, 0.9904645145870745, 0.8371538482606411, 0.8156794449314475, 0.6576588924508542, 0.4800559040158987, 0.6752058006823063, 0.5344030286651105, 0.6802281807176769, 0.5988786171656102, 0.7419801887590438, 0.5950173099990934, 0.6093510850332677, 0.1931215892545879, 0.1036135284230113, 0.5507762276101857, 0.8683286758605391, 0.22969434480182827, 0.0549147087149322, 0.20529006235301495, 0.7577255212236196, 0.40877677453681827, 0.017454825108870864, 0.7497300694230944, 0.4751507737673819, 0.44050505361519754, 0.23611386539414525, 0.7289394875988364, 0.9322604269254953, 0.3165339380502701, 0.5015581953339279, 0.8491418561898172, 0.4773401755373925, 0.23394517204724252, 0.39167407527565956, 0.10570213035680354, 0.393410055199638, 0.6188414860516787, 0.2562544296961278, 0.4930364245083183, 0.8066831978503615, 0.5637241266667843, 0.03685447108000517, 0.7657849828246981, 0.042042020009830594, 0.8315627502743155, 0.16441083094105124, 0.4758045934140682, 0.31317218975163996, 0.49548403662629426, 0.7957063557114452, 0.517522593960166, 0.4653808339498937, 0.3678984483703971, 0.5530892503447831, 0.027343604480847716, 0.6937654688954353, 0.5313380993902683, 0.7093538122717291, 0.7457678120117635, 0.413215437438339, 0.4324013260193169, 0.5314173311926425, 0.6707526287063956, 0.5239257654175162, 0.20657837251201272, 0.5336039243265986, 0.04832977126352489, 0.7886684569530189, 0.5700232060626149, 0.4462797315791249, 0.39769611577503383, 0.35061600315384567, 0.3390662148594856, 0.11850507045164704, 0.9462435920722783, 0.17378231044858694, 0.6793233561329544, 0.1667650027666241, 0.15797882620245218, 0.29046584805473685, 0.6625946653075516, 0.7879828824661672, 0.40997234219685197, 0.21138103026896715, 0.34182058018632233, 0.03547494509257376, 0.6134703499265015, 0.5538192703388631, 0.9191951188258827, 0.9842688492499292, 0.2758321361616254, 0.21467827330343425, 0.0762662822380662, 0.0036622926127165556, 0.17526601534336805, 0.8897316532675177, 0.4786692832130939, 0.11933465185575187, 0.2801040322519839, 0.46931593772023916, 0.8408029333222657, 0.5344719146378338, 0.43337506568059325, 0.47668033721856773, 0.5224146770779043, 0.6085487145464867, 0.5219572628848255, 0.07826738571748137, 0.7023850437253714, 0.3725827871821821, 0.9060754110105336, 0.7010612064041197, 0.9649175638332963, 0.8994445686694235, 0.7420014652889222, 0.19398790155537426, 0.7823166360612959, 0.03001150954514742, 0.6229769242927432, 0.7523485340643674, 0.9912476616445929, 0.9591315356083214, 0.5227602331433445, 0.1889353550504893, 0.037458740873262286, 0.9483538358472288, 0.8812924060039222, 0.2561580368783325, 0.8724970393814147, 0.48443033662624657, 0.48576425528153777, 0.6286673643626273, 0.10548483417369425, 0.7077189043629915, 0.4559648665599525, 0.7041395693086088, 0.4777750128414482, 0.0067839992698282, 0.5744845422450453, 0.09282798180356622, 0.24759341939352453, 0.038731297478079796, 0.7440584723372012, 0.6013549226336181, 0.7154148048721254, 0.7153028182219714, 0.8343218758236617, 0.048071426805108786, 0.4892542497254908, 0.11434799968264997, 0.6193062802776694, 0.40917428815737367, 0.8036488993093371, 0.5622016640845686, 0.706920325756073, 0.3951065088622272, 0.5242891123052686, 0.9536198955029249, 0.8797630204353482, 0.9713493480812758, 0.11359200906008482, 0.33218279341235757, 0.3021777456160635, 0.9557909164577723, 0.3194207006599754, 0.09785820520482957, 0.9173438949510455, 0.0340125928632915, 0.31296561611816287, 0.3697634960990399, 0.06266874843277037, 0.5886174268089235, 0.3461470855399966, 0.20894912304356694, 0.972381777362898, 0.9358746791258454, 0.8008613570127636, 0.1575859752483666, 0.643483868567273, 0.24398231389932334, 0.7613970080856234, 0.6549012542236596, 0.12926990981213748, 0.10902246693149209, 0.5247577861882746, 0.7200963860377669, 0.09352423530071974, 0.6015238461550325, 0.8730208647903055, 0.7801714648958296, 0.4051407326478511, 0.26274142623879015, 0.8052948913536966, 0.6343900465872139, 0.17545475088991225, 0.15591176133602858, 0.668324475409463, 0.4414576720446348, 0.1419154282193631, 0.34872365929186344, 0.9837659508921206, 0.9361021467484534, 0.8148759689647704, 0.8624027278274298, 0.2520203674212098, 0.7692053616046906, 0.8751949458383024, 0.2494776318781078, 0.37133297859691083, 0.8458073229994625, 0.6245332253165543, 0.012985790381208062, 0.006785889621824026, 0.33870500954799354, 0.34877088014036417, 0.8715885677374899, 0.7580976518802345, 0.3604244638700038, 0.9834054901730269, 0.16759977326728404, 0.7711532097309828, 0.6821689652279019, 0.6080112471245229, 0.9721099599264562, 0.2057826577220112, 0.08192293322645128, 0.8220775036606938, 0.08181173005141318, 0.904500775737688, 0.9160607538651675, 0.7820624895393848, 0.5495410196017474, 0.02520555560477078, 0.8625612333416939, 0.15133098722435534, 0.16836157091893256, 0.35164699563756585, 0.3415816326159984, 0.24098477698862553, 0.0504617253318429, 0.14083732571452856, 0.062133836559951305, 0.5768970635253936, 0.950192384654656, 0.9558916762471199, 0.7858668910339475, 0.30742910923436284, 0.6213711595628411, 0.8203522537369281, 0.3427782997023314, 0.20941573311574757, 0.6751112400088459, 0.3603148488327861, 0.6313565657474101, 0.36064919689670205, 0.4369178432971239, 0.09940723213367164, 0.8546541568357497, 0.6399613737594336, 0.614436500472948, 0.12849161075428128, 0.7670484709087759, 0.7513961119111627, 0.39857608173042536, 0.43454803223721683, 0.973832671996206, 0.39188525592908263, 0.40806219447404146, 0.18507649539969862, 0.5899259664583951, 0.33300921600311995, 0.1642716834321618, 0.9466839551459998, 0.2573475760873407, 0.6564722990151495, 0.7485813633538783, 0.19488709466531873, 0.7628180852625519, 0.904915252700448, 0.8620066079311073, 0.7402481934987009, 0.3021871354430914, 0.8659681030549109, 0.5577451991848648, 0.5575911800842732, 0.4420536649413407, 0.7410369454883039, 0.8119729242753237, 0.31154552288353443, 0.7263063692953438, 0.25329059455543756, 0.13597646891139448, 0.13684198702685535, 0.0760995326563716, 0.0782145659904927, 0.5716340991202742, 0.1718797606881708, 0.11023593205027282, 0.45369153120554984, 0.17208630219101906, 0.2582168229855597, 0.7827518475241959, 0.6094757344108075, 0.9226972085889429, 0.7777854113373905, 0.747766591142863, 0.5631800047121942, 0.8576973313465714, 0.8522473906632513, 0.33674885891377926, 0.21486795833334327, 0.32912360364571214, 0.2502715806476772, 0.03171135066077113, 0.7200766573660076, 0.16764052817597985, 0.355687738629058, 0.723034739959985, 0.8274638303555548, 0.9954023046884686, 0.35787711082957685, 0.6910530948080122, 0.5592446583323181, 0.046058263164013624, 0.7559401700273156, 0.0008510381449013948, 0.9776813026983291, 0.30017861840315163, 0.9929870574269444, 0.8033112839329988, 0.44141464424319565, 0.6333219108637422, 0.7929543030913919, 0.6152017461135983, 0.767594896024093, 0.8589351873379201, 0.3425158311147243, 0.31673203432001173, 0.4580545970238745, 0.4059467145707458, 0.5712838829495013, 0.6280421069823205, 0.17235354357399046, 0.3732177228666842, 0.2813774119131267, 0.08185203070752323, 0.46557977027259767, 0.32147862017154694, 0.13519467553123832, 0.39650160912424326, 0.7868330220226198, 0.8280135381501168, 0.5035114318598062, 0.13430343545041978, 0.2391610834747553, 0.8259084357414395, 0.8869445994496346, 0.30894350074231625, 0.792349235387519, 0.098745800787583, 0.3948099089320749, 0.20133955869823694, 0.8909193710424006, 0.8257984686642885, 0.19153234269469976, 0.7369311249349266, 0.5264241311233491, 0.21977042010985315, 0.5114244683645666, 0.6255127559415996, 0.9228739305399358, 0.791811732808128, 0.5719291903078556, 0.6616206124890596, 0.16864246246404946, 0.12273492850363255, 0.7360034198500216, 0.6421974368859082, 0.4304382293485105, 0.020357101457193494, 0.8697051911149174, 0.32758071972057223, 0.2261121259070933, 0.9021670483052731, 0.4353115751873702, 0.6068693038541824, 0.7630513426847756, 0.22899654298089445, 0.38209251570515335, 0.07704126834869385, 0.6162021304480731, 0.06759324041195214, 0.8790039592422545, 0.5273020246531814, 0.8228621415328234, 0.9423912107013166, 0.7161482295487076, 0.12140374141745269, 0.669279134599492, 0.8279485593084246, 0.8203381241764873, 0.5219473100733012, 0.21323555777780712, 0.8572931175585836, 0.23027666355483234, 0.6686208783648908, 0.3865700918249786, 0.03689710493199527, 0.5936253457330167, 0.8874489844311029, 0.2801588869187981, 0.12906119669787586, 0.4036933279130608, 0.8935235613025725, 0.8026783035602421, 0.47648762119933963, 0.00834835646674037, 0.5326546451542526, 0.9692566271405667, 0.2604157808236778, 0.7329578571952879, 0.261773327132687, 0.4569349936209619, 0.6625950345769525, 0.018079081317409873, 0.39750677556730807, 0.4452385858166963, 0.8219420823734254, 0.019348363857716322, 0.3729933954309672, 0.9992823521606624, 0.379815760999918, 0.05984079069457948, 0.7948854404967278, 0.6655628653243184, 0.555212460225448, 0.504112217342481, 0.4402673481963575, 0.6256842340808362, 0.30370114860124886, 0.48313355655409396, 0.7335740202106535, 0.15582373272627592, 0.42249155533500016, 0.6053261097986251, 0.971130603691563, 0.3855633919592947, 0.8201896513346583, 0.2639500084333122, 0.8357364293187857, 0.9336483292281628, 0.7960326042957604, 0.09321789187379181, 0.5030834055505693, 0.9483516770415008, 0.06398942181840539, 0.5822694359812886, 0.7841089323628694, 0.5077936900779605, 0.2068226698320359, 0.04648149316199124, 0.023368120659142733, 0.8678716050926596, 0.7431080071255565, 0.9551138973329216, 0.5455976985394955, 0.017993066925555468, 0.906055762199685, 0.6945971588138491, 0.12365570408292115, 0.1532994022127241, 0.771530793979764, 0.3875573631376028, 0.373912617797032, 0.4841151700820774, 0.7801976012997329, 0.22791831009089947, 0.2253788837697357, 0.10304486122913659, 0.8217198133934289, 0.5018573633860797, 0.19152492145076394, 0.4306252079550177, 0.16296038846485317, 0.14263451239094138, 0.025826103053987026, 0.3959155778866261, 0.0693588585127145, 0.8317534443922341, 0.13265586085617542, 0.12268334976397455, 0.8274586331099272, 0.18513843277469277, 0.9641329813748598, 0.8177748126909137, 0.8135129117872566, 0.3055512385908514, 0.08196242316626012, 0.6641072109341621, 0.47258094092831016, 0.7448586986865848, 0.09748617419973016, 0.6748559596017003, 0.2949000233784318, 0.7438278470654041, 0.7596482797525823, 0.9731658624950796, 0.4006608014460653, 0.1585880487691611, 0.16974301915615797, 0.526865147287026, 0.6358504169620574, 0.8840062879025936, 0.36155312415212393, 0.9054465417284518, 0.424475779524073, 0.8005805055145174, 0.7389811468310654, 0.9351871383842081, 0.6691156944725662, 0.9384968462400138, 0.45436374726705253, 0.2506830373313278, 0.5004402222111821, 0.5152225552592427, 0.5125368239823729, 0.5245187226682901, 0.6295507331378758, 0.799960061442107, 0.09093732503242791, 0.3936876184307039, 0.1496058562770486, 0.880951234837994, 0.6753021304029971, 0.8355767815373838, 0.4748137192800641, 0.7367995055392385, 0.28762582899071276, 0.7222358689177781, 0.5177444119472057, 0.5742055692244321, 0.6708073290064931, 0.22493204264901578, 0.07911376631818712, 0.17690026410855353, 0.5536484797485173, 0.8323045207653195, 0.21237081289291382, 0.6844294054899365, 0.6331785034853965, 0.7917024150956422, 0.14677422540262341, 0.9486031665001065, 0.4520431018900126, 0.10708791995421052, 0.1814961291383952, 0.3039939959999174, 0.627091214992106, 0.3517156133893877, 0.379289329983294, 0.3765901487786323, 0.03889889968559146, 0.23482147324830294, 0.4208127264864743, 0.5176440943032503, 0.7443683282472193, 0.12149321637116373, 0.929711886914447, 0.4011001775506884, 0.12709036353044212, 0.7880937445443124, 0.7742751517798752, 0.44900967832654715, 0.728170036803931, 0.40680053806863725, 0.02559030195698142, 0.03770724730566144, 0.11743336520157754, 0.337893124204129, 0.4911097325384617, 0.20307470159605145, 0.21479735034517944, 0.1996011370792985, 0.3168168228585273, 0.045321209356188774, 0.3965123207308352, 0.8616203607525676, 0.2144300474319607, 0.8999261155258864, 0.8984183487482369, 0.6710756870452315, 0.5911937530618161, 0.012397818500176072, 0.855149555252865, 0.2455663050059229, 0.17908862489275634, 0.0298143292311579, 0.9513265709392726, 0.24752669059671462, 0.9774700875859708, 0.8570358532015234, 0.24796967837028205, 0.29470671177841723, 0.1234575582202524, 0.22595209605060518, 0.671649552648887, 0.8103445258457214, 0.1877385387197137, 0.8903115973807871, 0.9934827478136867, 0.14041558536700904, 0.6581047766376287, 0.45041410881094635, 0.807318246923387, 0.4832018103916198, 0.6682464273180813, 0.19420621637254953, 0.7551404200494289, 0.3537425110116601, 0.1883361372165382, 0.9684980746824294, 0.47305043833330274, 0.13156499457545578, 0.10757136181928217, 0.8798466387670487, 0.2659899683203548, 0.8788466062396765, 0.1324143777601421, 0.9221258242614567, 0.9848194567020983, 0.5534222200512886, 0.01916192681528628, 0.17934256535954773, 0.13655079901218414, 0.05223184451460838, 0.9725153457839042, 0.4811986219137907, 0.9907846099231392, 0.1174434726126492, 0.9810943030752242, 0.029069828102365136, 0.028747468953952193, 0.025319325970485806, 0.5144491326063871, 0.4806035382207483, 0.6217541021760553, 0.34192288597114384, 0.5854174213018268, 0.5787068232893944, 0.5939182993024588, 0.30246167606674135, 0.13636902370490134, 0.4647464007139206, 0.6268970265518874, 0.0019131929147988558, 0.2584915324114263, 0.36199402203783393, 0.10031247534789145, 0.9539919898379594, 0.2757214845623821, 0.796379505423829, 0.02499595284461975, 0.19322541798464954, 0.11367654567584395, 0.5191953340545297, 0.09448960260488093, 0.33444480784237385, 0.45630565099418163, 0.054218219593167305, 0.8601672465447336, 0.6968783247284591, 0.09663418889977038, 0.07620567316189408, 0.9668864896520972], "x": [0.5137770678848028, 0.715810168068856, 0.5969052624423057, 0.476101714419201, 0.8683567869011313, 0.663467897567898, 0.9201773796230555, 0.6839115708135068, 0.9440628464799374, 0.8595227266196162, 0.14950799918733537, 0.6330668199807405, 0.012795736780390143, 0.871148323873058, 0.4451601696200669, 0.6183162319939584, 0.045281530590727925, 0.18600647314451635, 0.728949599666521, 0.6357118145097047, 0.771396228345111, 0.5421748501248658, 0.8560868096537888, 0.9802967475261539, 0.11877850978635252, 0.524706527357921, 0.49886100739240646, 0.6038606995716691, 0.7937234095297754, 0.18722077342681587, 0.7903507659211755, 0.3600872626993805, 0.9607344153337181, 0.6514636382926255, 0.342687004012987, 0.27171720238402486, 0.34454906126484275, 0.41335921036079526, 0.96324617927894, 0.3012436223216355, 0.9336944748647511, 0.7672738751862198, 0.6620562530588359, 0.37275775289162993, 0.42420982057228684, 0.91287424066104, 0.933545648586005, 0.8286020359955728, 0.4815102145075798, 0.8011158360168338, 0.4927770404610783, 0.8931972873397171, 0.36950649810023606, 0.5682141208089888, 0.7388818373437971, 0.16361580626107752, 0.47437535552307963, 0.056731804041191936, 0.6846714222338051, 0.030385822989046574, 0.8395729481708258, 0.20981933386065066, 0.7507467016112059, 0.14740149304270744, 0.5998876010999084, 0.984510367969051, 0.10680668661370873, 0.9515447905287147, 0.9464580279309303, 0.12094761757180095, 0.7772634553257376, 0.4885538970120251, 0.14007027936168015, 0.8131268618162721, 0.5303243407979608, 0.9816293551120907, 0.27866229019127786, 0.5386881972663105, 0.1978044332936406, 1.4062312429305166, 1.6412815854419023, 1.055543547961861, 1.603932345053181, 1.2678237850777805, 1.323158493731171, 1.3895691242069006, 1.250779618974775, 1.4866915985476226, 1.0466142466757447, 1.128857257310301, 1.4891158083919436, 1.689152421662584, 1.5368919097818434, 1.4676557988859713, 1.9543956371489912, 1.1050970044452697, 1.4894430327694863, 1.5741237548645586, 1.3421175538096577, 1.262367017334327, 1.5518728159368038, 1.7887190603651106, 1.1855837884359062, 1.3651939036790282, 1.145335263805464, 1.3560071180108935, 1.8632078827358782, 1.5485009683761746, 1.7746001877821982, 1.5521462298929691, 1.2086442112922668, 1.8747889690566808, 1.1440402870066464, 1.1870636027306318, 1.1650268433149904, 1.1526279954705387, 1.9760987050831318, 1.9241348509676754, 1.0178290898911655, 1.4235139812808484, 1.9343510107137263, 1.312193194637075, 1.1464350039605051, 1.9429600040894002, 1.7474951916374266, 1.3708380842581391, 1.7350136723835021, 1.017296907491982, 1.041544656502083, 1.0940365861169994, 1.263028583722189, 1.2874528793618083, 1.2499049452599138, 1.7063310218509287, 1.4661569877061993, 1.4732845758553594, 1.5665702929254621, 1.7909934718627483, 1.3696367035154253, 1.4559945426881313, 1.0193809666670859, 1.5438122474588454, 1.2627989111933857, 1.7785976082086563, 1.1572921946644783, 1.6694382829591632, 1.3992681808304042, 1.1183314924128354, 1.8381661048624665, 1.7259757444262505, 1.550867422716692, 1.6336872591637075, 2.263420089147985, 2.6154176553245634, 2.828558021923527, 2.2870707740075886, 2.5420700574759394, 2.829666501842439, 2.767106663668528, 2.960646015126258, 2.0162555929273367, 2.0985765052028, 2.9766727052628994, 2.4133944550994784, 2.7128184074535966, 2.4188509485684335, 2.0591067608911544, 2.600320630008355, 2.643225609557703, 2.0997402532957494, 2.5221198664512485, 2.146822458365932, 2.791549061657861, 2.4371365343686193, 2.728445522254333, 2.7034815319348127, 2.5029321915935725, 2.984340839786455, 2.108312022872269, 2.2028313213959336, 2.891086898976937, 2.4594605008605868, 2.5664468000177294, 2.7712749445345253, 2.2009259373880923, 2.015622449107468, 2.2432110670488328, 2.006794608896598, 2.3761394526809454, 2.443094907561317, 2.0660829124972224, 2.1139597522560507, 2.4601705104578286, 2.8882558909244835, 2.876709162024781, 2.737189777661115, 2.659558115294203, 2.7554130309727043, 2.1239411041606218, 2.7549447850324214, 2.2264438637066633, 2.697392054600641, 2.7861683110240847, 2.4308285946026444, 2.5090665153693408, 2.22209701850079, 2.8239021534100175, 2.06406093086116, 2.6140442695468664, 2.214628411689773, 2.088210322195664, 2.039423235692084, 2.674258350627497, 2.6692695242818445, 2.3274120008572936, 2.9576213855762035, 2.026291038142517, 2.3970979840960354, 2.2777935073245317, 2.3467097936663777, 2.6338992246892303, 2.2355381010565907, 2.8594832175876945, 2.42054941970855, 2.555506696458906, 3.8543480676598847, 3.516400345833972, 3.7011275929398835, 3.2399026544298977, 3.177602235460654, 3.4200849493499845, 3.4948897012509406, 3.114683428313583, 3.95674498914741, 3.7273101853206754, 3.968883724650368, 3.685314118862152, 3.3360111706424505, 3.3392029013484716, 3.7346438565291464, 3.289339377079159, 3.9877837817184627, 3.080537650268525, 3.326466696104035, 3.77613828307949, 3.819065883755684, 3.0064219618216157, 3.3850202274043113, 3.2937758211046457, 3.0903707072138786, 3.1402057607192546, 3.7671779461670667, 3.9476605637464672, 3.400832402985543, 3.859015511116013, 3.7435072045773268, 3.673922458430752, 3.430860579945147, 3.1376176634803414, 3.3138080791104585, 3.5310612043831497, 3.7282261410728097, 3.0110389275941998, 3.059902469627559, 3.797085426049307, 3.7801000194158405, 3.911857840139419, 3.1058719255961478, 3.5645184628665447, 3.6672360938973725, 3.218220628099516, 3.8067751347552985, 3.7972980535123497, 3.3625440252944827, 3.591780279064551, 3.7854884481057525, 3.1014779531396925, 3.449331861222163, 3.8358025627676398, 3.446884450968355, 3.765683563426137, 3.428763090632856, 3.2452783179469407, 3.98001159587875, 3.40088749746792, 3.93170586717315, 3.734082323499024, 3.8339418473187834, 3.3741208533756435, 3.742512150434777, 3.374879369046539, 3.2801343973260373, 3.572656970238313, 4.574100672965869, 4.597733194939792, 4.047803679481149, 4.7392814985942096, 4.66169379488565, 4.883820109302178, 4.472836973844096, 4.25407878938131, 4.694073225138709, 4.814785251393914, 4.570050628622994, 4.463981986744329, 4.815649894531816, 4.52130231144838, 4.693363659782335, 4.396143307443708, 4.236200099578127, 4.802925787633285, 4.85818623774685, 4.834449844667688, 4.92709770030342, 4.948612589854747, 4.053450532024726, 4.43464723136276, 4.3933170477394015, 4.515981650678441, 4.105427052127197, 4.654845914104953, 4.122668316354975, 4.483311522752047, 4.144211081555113, 4.367456309730187, 4.397828835761175, 4.473530066898093, 4.95037718815729, 4.815892877988517, 4.060284965205938, 4.098674205131829, 4.070022095693275, 4.6233145063742995, 4.661385346204042, 4.221489075571299, 4.987818756373599, 4.945811741054058, 4.8294651242904365, 4.447367513319477, 4.444212400121614, 4.667820652713999, 4.614831782178953, 4.161797530017793, 4.052235117182136, 4.952798238489777, 4.157457539346069, 4.509885924868286, 4.248832512414083, 4.197138197720051, 4.499724861467257, 4.2987773946952075, 4.775697219884023, 4.593903862405568, 4.423377575585619, 4.0108126231934875, 4.354053434450179, 4.930870266864076, 4.5115449007134885, 4.860764101147652, 4.763687517493963, 4.499656652798876, 4.806877582101151, 4.7186059332452714, 4.075816900236532, 4.62423207028769, 4.792479715542868, 4.890289161587134, 4.514154287520796, 4.50449339277111, 4.731309618568048, 4.662626778939739, 4.167820882052183, 4.695922332815826, 4.762719334335998, 4.011534312041476, 4.384222197346389, 4.897567252861336, 4.077931440668181, 4.825182111700997, 4.620581107214093, 4.234099629102275, 5.95559806143865, 5.138310184702277, 5.2236817728262395, 5.868725599255413, 5.779268678277731, 5.599546053912491, 5.076921918429434, 5.555818917462602, 5.1111021435353905, 5.470297848107293, 5.693005145527422, 5.527562016155571, 5.979452728526667, 5.782943599391729, 5.5147697541397065, 5.630284004844725, 5.101009385893121, 5.446812970098108, 5.632965637836605, 5.535884481156245, 5.500160283176228, 5.661226401338354, 5.296004942152649, 5.552355093648657, 5.350156947504729, 5.0921661127358675, 5.374437865102664, 5.60418990906328, 5.880604828707874, 5.297594492789358, 5.598146621370688, 5.5605764233041555, 5.408447935478762, 5.016685936367139, 5.164893812732771, 5.4249270129948854, 5.5890634309034795, 5.7694020483177155, 5.0796634098514915, 5.362503162352368, 5.420278962468728, 5.633817269233987, 5.74939537839964, 5.512070559896529, 5.849451801273972, 5.424440790200606, 5.672917301999405, 5.865775325102732, 5.636056356830522, 5.549187746131793, 5.747260133968666, 5.874485339270905, 5.564707249170169, 5.921201079385355, 5.37417961913161, 5.758429246721789, 5.988824701867998, 5.507097738562152, 5.259060905314982, 5.741257473593578, 5.314198907697573, 5.848306537372991, 5.511574384057894, 5.900587160140276, 5.901646201265976, 5.827444473281503, 5.117402425035834, 5.267760969232768, 5.825838283170015, 5.9302936343010515, 5.6479725246317685, 5.778063510078937, 5.543230956653133, 5.84161715907976, 5.662624414311722, 5.25391289126128, 6.791654973523691, 6.921493880683556, 6.649640692630783, 6.4496587524190545, 6.258270745864138, 6.8678428889252245, 6.8236519624479115, 6.4625549195334315, 6.137081169756129, 6.865761162480339, 6.482719778781757, 6.255945891840383, 6.080423815408722, 6.549101043026894, 6.85563751636073, 6.7125951875932515, 6.194032663945109, 6.846253241878003, 6.772627818398178, 6.795407680561766, 6.765414784895256, 6.293225777801126, 6.434586500516161, 6.76888188184239, 6.380910262232646, 6.441490483703092, 6.8787359956186265, 6.603382023517042, 6.716233039740473, 6.699010298354551, 6.309152887901291, 6.322093014372513, 6.161019948543981, 6.446395792299882, 6.5153881481383, 6.863506492692977, 6.978961432119831, 6.4713868466205895, 6.2740938847418875, 6.339558809995651, 6.47890350362286, 6.262392137432471, 6.099888305645436, 6.561753114685416, 6.1432644196320325, 6.14646269287914, 6.520335495239124, 6.622241996927187, 6.489316451828927, 6.6417182793375105, 6.151408834848553, 6.477727322373539, 6.898224840406328, 6.654346078401431, 6.290395386051387, 6.135354542406276, 6.84735154453665, 6.423921293579042, 6.013672717148438, 6.881608973722905, 6.476734904106706, 6.455034097190946, 6.474752142094076, 6.797316879965365, 6.830852407962084, 6.810379544971511, 6.177188728237525, 6.4061131530907005, 6.987028177361935, 6.028776573948562, 6.866832802770659, 6.504756819223985, 6.20854833163321, 6.365631440887228, 6.425901978509501, 6.608768157660961, 6.233396336203441, 6.88405497209169, 6.322236946318299, 6.291104774223641, 6.706256118137389, 7.718930596951395, 7.294469361426309, 7.118020944762975, 7.406585528049618, 7.668833840638399, 7.712827294599265, 7.197828269563615, 7.3730892080347985, 7.18821486341767, 7.758001952897757, 7.055521548492834, 7.519935370190069, 7.5690477238968015, 7.661465823184699, 7.021311208838597, 7.61053951526992, 7.0221068118698895, 7.47113361954689, 7.015423950273544, 7.63220481434837, 7.579177910462022, 7.7028662173543125, 7.354078187374398, 7.224907851777971, 7.040268210694194, 7.039385657291859, 7.693511327728629, 7.309890125645325, 7.385765235405415, 7.47214393154718, 7.152243195101619, 7.983800021465868, 7.889092399738729, 7.502363009843975, 7.9523131276946515, 7.374655141262338, 7.297739232424647, 7.493975340621546, 7.140950885368511, 7.655644990503788, 7.161535686813295, 7.641217849450186, 7.260685246204957, 7.515072860056534, 7.987672940362245, 7.846143948147073, 7.285532498732209, 7.145876045804471, 7.9239929562900215, 7.106588962022215, 7.787947259377688, 7.170006193919107, 7.199021617183462, 7.449053272837773, 7.903354383306578, 7.082392988493666, 7.855982220033184, 7.644942993065342, 7.015272491145879, 7.398369181435555, 7.311867754673585, 7.20745339919813, 7.336389978183433, 7.655863058986142, 7.537345183081925, 7.772445259382948, 7.177750654984266, 7.367231778101996, 7.738246643915772, 7.498604527907446, 7.030380186391994, 7.256918521365151, 7.801996652036905, 7.442912487313151, 7.375192099250853, 7.526499785250053, 8.55390741233714, 8.372641321271658, 8.938157801749185, 8.71576405945234, 8.999065887415782, 8.949802847579122, 8.799736683256924, 8.925146235153079, 8.49039700976573, 8.428144241217524, 8.988896226277575, 8.10977879865095, 8.301522278459743, 8.081255578435957, 8.21338555496186, 8.494310161098838, 8.40691025648266, 8.815494530834258, 8.992340926080942, 8.034309098729864, 8.408296833513305, 8.174373052781448, 8.640619623707607, 8.88182681449689, 8.411755290348083, 8.912688608281314, 8.308810685761273, 8.189472124446183, 8.029241439886391, 8.415519130649045, 8.00554540520534, 8.763365276623517, 8.942627871176228, 8.780697204405442, 8.869212348479778, 8.929853671463206, 8.125751631800085, 8.63046169676818, 8.75274200970307, 8.314232993172482, 8.929334936896339, 8.853426647838205, 8.109073429834098, 8.754687556996942, 8.03598618437536, 8.646720270626247, 8.039443628396839, 8.201506541809067, 8.791139246197417, 8.445894811535254, 8.146541784284636, 8.019819466629997, 8.491544128162786, 8.043955901637673, 8.073386661708355, 8.030939120333642, 8.131544860545546, 8.91617354634218, 8.450163261964917, 8.38608311349526, 8.083739848574623, 8.518857046961784, 8.94546420732513, 8.441110813990235, 9.780692669097334, 9.839167762780562, 9.847241532756016, 9.63937018928118, 9.494268010836095, 9.725589172448963, 9.414956272114068, 9.728369055315852, 9.127687864238396, 9.42111056460999, 9.146703011589125, 9.606396248331293, 9.033834914211184, 9.75612939009443, 9.858460989780724, 9.320972475921735, 9.935236549703404, 9.844581361627206, 9.791385975666344, 9.311746117426082, 9.572419088333845, 9.262659945292398, 9.961851747240871, 9.349421745631844, 9.304412210127339, 9.884186637122184, 9.565708826994523, 9.209223925601691, 9.899874366587028, 9.265344354789704, 9.29274066281505, 9.211271620355546, 9.553538637468591, 9.152399712940678, 9.831196321872994, 9.569051283644512, 9.732870494714007, 9.919367321301252, 9.851578536210582, 9.995385424699634, 9.662627566838637, 9.329021339071915, 9.569271604064852, 9.398277984466404, 9.484745488036424, 9.884672501357272, 9.625781247392297, 9.537440406857058, 9.564892817521468, 9.957016598433256, 9.262302190065384, 9.30452673183754, 9.374193507013842, 9.517378045711666, 9.811638908926398, 9.24889634246938, 9.477565198903903, 9.856617917306721, 9.564145769923925, 9.18016747245565, 9.084828421939164, 9.847407570574433, 9.611851896392182, 9.052909879479557, 9.853747616056353, 9.101186482934281, 9.697300270898268, 9.335558571154252, 9.304714337922633, 9.649963462725282, 9.649639245355502, 9.655542724998668, 9.937557698460296, 9.093085350701585, 9.700042578857392, 9.904901037923992, 9.8444835760165, 9.919852030230686, 9.700361383613199, 9.451640031998977, 9.114856087369844, 9.071960520464927, 9.2413246515207, 9.243041769135743, 9.38741190568544, 9.003009065054357, 9.848889247281477, 9.687183764763176, 9.24819433921948, 9.405401724623516, 9.476453226758167, 9.246347201056778, 9.278117713984102, 9.054125181166455, 9.023113388800994, 9.426999412477016, 9.835754580097273], "z": [0.2978321679402143, 0.7064603385515511, 0.7785737270023674, 0.9711332938168198, 0.5597100094892085, 0.856912566581741, 0.8242511483840644, 0.6430189493112266, 0.31885023042559624, 0.8347414783202112, 0.09283040440641344, 0.8513481561094522, 0.0735466992482543, 0.05478392471559346, 0.2571710192132741, 0.5924076766241342, 0.24598810030147433, 0.15666745323687792, 0.6291235443204641, 0.531327992444858, 0.4239180753938854, 0.27983143040910363, 0.8615579223260283, 0.5888104650657624, 0.14424498099833727, 0.6678757341578603, 0.28132127062417567, 0.9863919613417238, 0.10208768863230944, 0.219825480831787, 0.5305192577652633, 0.018400243017822504, 0.9814692786894739, 0.991773579036817, 0.6435975555796176, 0.9199873562902212, 0.8298973934724927, 0.6577167673967779, 0.2960587004199624, 0.5523362131789327, 0.8366407605353743, 0.5250136076938361, 0.9067712246906012, 0.5025070854462683, 0.7072443820070475, 0.06867997022345662, 0.12331029074266553, 0.11728009837679565, 0.7950454337988049, 0.0891647154930979, 0.5223401545081288, 0.33286292012780905, 0.19647626020014286, 0.8135403352789581, 0.5762323797680438, 0.22165662259794772, 0.6440487196668983, 0.2995178489945829, 0.4330585226416588, 0.149400538764894, 0.8945654621347785, 0.6863573980517685, 0.8175144323613495, 0.6041233430150896, 0.8219380690716207, 0.23856738349422812, 0.520643251016736, 0.6604073562193662, 0.36661599297076464, 0.31000282685272396, 0.4359367862343788, 0.6489349068142474, 0.17896302440203726, 0.32755417795851827, 0.5216538393869996, 0.3863409082405269, 0.3360282271169126, 0.9843051140196621, 0.3596248503308743, 0.30171714979223907, 0.262766603147611, 0.9118829895742238, 0.2514764608349651, 0.9555705920793116, 0.9572110124863684, 0.45926083251833916, 0.583153878338635, 0.7605812593828887, 0.5224705347791314, 0.8658611974678934, 0.43101922469213605, 0.709179554367438, 0.6220930414274335, 0.3409050269983709, 0.8929734148550779, 0.0039768884889781475, 0.1867861640639603, 0.8440093521494418, 0.48703486984595656, 0.9907741530332714, 0.7241361145861447, 0.740062948083505, 0.623786112992093, 0.5461340539623052, 0.717931778402999, 0.953474965179339, 0.8821078212931752, 0.9002703905571252, 0.993447634158656, 0.14637798233889043, 0.1259104092605412, 0.6127711243461818, 0.8784296421799809, 0.7624440693762153, 0.13494590669870377, 0.15212985570542514, 0.7262280555441976, 0.04149857140146196, 0.7816219092346728, 0.384292678674683, 0.3595674636308104, 0.228717059828341, 0.8855973242316395, 0.6224552700296044, 0.45000893506221473, 0.3957844637334347, 0.027492210501804948, 0.03901002532802522, 0.09656105260364711, 0.24788350984454155, 0.005741932196542621, 0.6036751365754753, 0.5417382065206766, 0.18877423065714538, 0.4950600569136441, 0.9571275773923844, 0.6647455298807472, 0.853513031033799, 0.6114599569700658, 0.9612238893751055, 0.7789191380143166, 0.7132941524032503, 0.7741264048963785, 0.3668361217714846, 0.6818839290644974, 0.45241023879498243, 0.9245385688263923, 0.4104885703418404, 0.5134344946127385, 0.7666576120536774, 0.9565102842170745, 0.49171028449200094, 0.6027947380207479, 0.16134118824265897, 0.27709841914474964, 0.5115336354356259, 0.43979925755411386, 0.5505754873156548, 0.937271791510284, 0.5257820542901754, 0.6161881210282445, 0.5496204907540232, 0.5430505035910755, 0.6946041961200535, 0.7441051367204636, 0.6315509187988937, 0.3987894761376083, 0.05395191512070596, 0.5512491187546402, 0.3000458290334791, 0.6180696168448776, 0.9203011067584157, 0.43469129991717637, 0.15571607812307775, 0.6909125153906643, 0.4739248491823673, 0.6206225147470832, 0.6297361685428768, 0.09232670324854553, 0.3365988847799599, 0.092840630793944, 0.5740265960339457, 0.4881268779281527, 0.7286741754505783, 0.18997933063656092, 0.0027895213570445776, 0.3867102460935712, 0.1459510049317032, 0.9384545581415296, 0.1892454782500863, 0.738529640249908, 0.4281642602290958, 0.26064302516169846, 0.4734442983753979, 0.860757039161399, 0.5476497919298708, 0.7385649296920747, 0.7317001284100115, 0.7714915561955422, 0.974106571637094, 0.06538919312879443, 0.7144281785003841, 0.5494773967657238, 0.8756797814276069, 0.8014459754340351, 0.013547403505071998, 0.5793770221062005, 0.3609654924366623, 0.229270949261263, 0.7982115990016609, 0.6967879091389477, 0.12800028664059937, 0.5433292232919484, 0.7970525589771569, 0.7341293215285987, 0.9000488524325192, 0.7175451586954296, 0.7768232868984342, 0.7188397727441043, 0.7604564763605595, 0.17355899862013757, 0.2367011036258191, 0.00817867903970182, 0.6458703922107816, 0.8714547471608967, 0.18320636707358062, 0.9419554909691215, 0.5507375644519925, 0.10664962138980627, 0.18715814128518105, 0.24655674677342176, 0.20729883993044496, 0.10479389573447406, 0.36331393476575613, 0.835369193693623, 0.6958909917157143, 0.06652328325435519, 0.7037494848482311, 0.6896499192807823, 0.709719710284844, 0.3395898512098938, 0.3728084759786725, 0.48847504891455173, 0.03083856333978474, 0.3579016637522727, 0.7149192818906158, 0.895740007283166, 0.7539729217533022, 0.5564388853963464, 0.19283611117862165, 0.4139907679054886, 0.39219059399329126, 0.3817195394076407, 0.40544900903478265, 0.4141392956953496, 0.1783505321945995, 0.2524469296913594, 0.7059873202815652, 0.014375399332493544, 0.18274570791982114, 0.21095334412530065, 0.7859625429846346, 0.9174294215627015, 0.24297474673949182, 0.12552642240189016, 0.8543606253806502, 0.20789634343236685, 0.6196447932161391, 0.22372884675860405, 0.05988136096857488, 0.5020393838640302, 0.047512534307315946, 0.10561152268201113, 0.7121916103642434, 0.6609596011694521, 0.3949802001006901, 0.9452395120169967, 0.6673383435700089, 0.612732324982062, 0.7261162775103003, 0.5935324402526021, 0.03139979857951403, 0.39792569167912006, 0.37282910477370024, 0.10258211195468903, 0.7256338908337057, 0.33273431891575456, 0.6301332646980882, 0.4923750951420516, 0.6177030396647751, 0.2151408470235765, 0.5524881868623197, 0.44987601111643016, 0.7479134975001216, 0.7078269147314131, 0.5566691129934043, 0.986178359715268, 0.19913262710906565, 0.11413557920604944, 0.808785340981558, 0.4805918033234775, 0.9324022808577865, 0.1421871215570718, 0.5631210659630597, 0.36064866930246353, 0.20573111134581268, 0.6652039117179811, 0.27693796530365944, 0.1296500761527568, 0.8996674979571253, 0.6560466985683888, 0.331178670283407, 0.5292222364805639, 0.5763019619043916, 0.3093349894043058, 0.8721562328282744, 0.7368304282426834, 0.3657991832587868, 0.9773029040079564, 0.33882801071740687, 0.41046930896118283, 0.48433472984470427, 0.6477974669542164, 0.6862212021369487, 0.11747661256231368, 0.3820006116293371, 0.43939867010340095, 0.699309742776677, 0.10047289961948991, 0.7500589936971664, 0.051478851586580276, 0.9683792036958039, 0.1763345671351999, 0.9889327751006931, 0.4077704732771963, 0.8309895442798734, 0.6135358007159084, 0.6108024842105806, 0.20877182250842452, 0.9128432837314904, 0.870961214415729, 0.49726152955554426, 0.09858803148381412, 0.2527911907527596, 0.30027126683853567, 0.4873566871974617, 0.5917564015835524, 0.4858605561312288, 0.1832808475010097, 0.42856231797486544, 0.6625144316349179, 0.9186595464125276, 0.022922180825844407, 0.20025129709392786, 0.019794250605627894, 0.640770643716678, 0.5028413068503141, 0.5385524400044233, 0.3676089006476104, 0.7265229902695864, 0.6960113209206611, 0.5787846276070923, 0.9509059661068022, 0.6102431206963956, 0.632224102737382, 0.7297259536571801, 0.18820289731957018, 0.09332123422063887, 0.38870310480706394, 0.15877865627408028, 0.8510476697701961, 0.006710588466376066, 0.9414083461742848, 0.07842567469924688, 0.39304258907213807, 0.10720659815706313, 0.49204028910025954, 0.3238885458558798, 0.788488149875775, 0.210327334003523, 0.5190351218916476, 0.4279313643928617, 0.8447037436999381, 0.3619218661915511, 0.6583811738528311, 0.3685766088310629, 0.07012130692601204, 0.3398097699973732, 0.5524787174072117, 0.9801974352449179, 0.3943534172140062, 0.556277587544173, 0.41734451218508184, 0.8784981875214726, 0.17706843139603734, 0.845612232806161, 0.18315602163784206, 0.529878446366638, 0.9391835525166243, 0.274065111996606, 0.964503881521523, 0.8202877973672003, 0.6399175603874028, 0.9937658999115229, 0.5221404074691236, 0.69969532918185, 0.5051159162539989, 0.8051412273198366, 0.8125750520266593, 0.254498632857576, 0.3135421867482364, 0.8460302329622209, 0.839817923726514, 0.6486383131705225, 0.4317515520378947, 0.5410108114592731, 0.07173158461228013, 0.44750241190195084, 0.8110681194812059, 0.35987156839109957, 0.7835529299918562, 0.3582088486291468, 0.19304623687639832, 0.5625757810194045, 0.14139236020855606, 0.41715661087073386, 0.6969896736554801, 0.46619101520627737, 0.35280321817845106, 0.2904168658424169, 0.6579933031462133, 0.23667498398572206, 0.5370137118734419, 0.6416147844865918, 0.5989760479424149, 0.6722539188340306, 0.13791369157843292, 0.6203037067316473, 0.1246315233875066, 0.9484677375294268, 0.0028670080937445164, 0.5180712398141623, 0.8502334645017982, 0.8692579984199256, 0.14335378957912326, 0.8626349996775389, 0.7960970455314964, 0.0133696673437953, 0.9227976792026311, 0.12711183750070632, 0.6437808584887534, 0.9093618642073125, 0.933984954841435, 0.6587553331628442, 0.6596041596494615, 0.3719962756149471, 0.8836672438774258, 0.9831604138016701, 0.27950708917342126, 0.5946406887378544, 0.11775073199532926, 0.29318721196614206, 0.17236016946844757, 0.047762353671714664, 0.22339823166839778, 0.15916833630762994, 0.32538681058213115, 0.48871770803816617, 0.47323821880854666, 0.6022928745951504, 0.7475288845598698, 0.37933615618385375, 0.6419106146786362, 0.6114763799123466, 0.43429790274240077, 0.6008704230189323, 0.010353828314691782, 0.10390370106324553, 0.7623026713263243, 0.1946008314844221, 0.1143939511384815, 0.39075368479825556, 0.5189228553790599, 0.32252449775114655, 0.5461328239180148, 0.41248156083747745, 0.32532325317151845, 0.3980888514779508, 0.6739088895265013, 0.21763158636167645, 0.5719725266098976, 0.6591427228413522, 0.8481188060250133, 0.4018010585568845, 0.8761740666814148, 0.2111877657007426, 0.4126543654128909, 0.705944090615958, 0.06659432197920978, 0.40010285447351635, 0.8201862045098096, 0.476045367307961, 0.5970356804318726, 0.06946354918181896, 0.20697838766500354, 0.9182421248406172, 0.7737963320687413, 0.3316980025265366, 0.541742630302906, 0.7933398149907589, 0.2223811859730631, 0.8151116885710508, 0.2977674847934395, 0.9137905107345432, 0.33869161922484636, 0.9601070627104491, 0.5042817438952625, 0.7558689466677606, 0.5839407432358712, 0.006679109763354063, 0.9943515968043357, 0.2573268245905638, 0.23354733898304403, 0.5579148968681693, 0.36757753347046673, 0.9250884263310581, 0.46102294651791453, 0.15612725308164954, 0.8836836877744645, 0.7624349833931774, 0.5064652897417545, 0.16461124108172953, 0.3952414731029421, 0.3227194168139249, 0.757403175579384, 0.3857750843744725, 0.22502705664373934, 0.42890475131571293, 0.36532715312205255, 0.9184376352932304, 0.5236412880476564, 0.9050234474707395, 0.25948100350797176, 0.005399404326453805, 0.9591557472012937, 0.5412616478279233, 0.37770381523296237, 0.8602150939404964, 0.08615880645811558, 0.7522839440498501, 0.3845422537997365, 0.8752873793710023, 0.7344564283266664, 0.6219963897019625, 0.5634349370375276, 0.8479057382792234, 0.05669530830346048, 0.9457186786457896, 0.4470867451746017, 0.25894387741573155, 0.9280623639933765, 0.9026499416213483, 0.5956119850743562, 0.8048144343774766, 0.08688852936029434, 0.30919629242271185, 0.855877400143072, 0.21316476888023317, 0.3983730731997639, 0.5239619980566204, 0.5395977762527764, 0.6571158394217491, 0.3329926864244044, 0.7763748976867646, 0.06511984905228019, 0.39931304939091206, 0.07955090678296983, 0.5870320629328489, 0.9479689616709948, 0.8398985285311937, 0.3985919251572341, 0.9405057607218623, 0.06660110992379487, 0.31021823338232934, 0.2709601710084826, 0.2109091803431511, 0.7744520944543183, 0.685937779257074, 0.39372128061950207, 0.7377784892451018, 0.5817473866045475, 0.5206702202558517, 0.7698636506684124, 0.39637611503712833, 0.8982332290615886, 0.3466034475713968, 0.985857134219259, 0.7646488936152309, 0.886120546143502, 0.41867072763852775, 0.5077921913471073, 0.7429583023767918, 0.736735378857702, 0.12005194462835789, 0.046611104160547256, 0.11537470621988177, 0.9156956234946847, 0.19122594478540123, 0.6202199717517942, 0.29284514486789703, 0.29384553572162986, 0.4418438912834972, 0.4797548658680171, 0.9490665788762271, 0.3112707461696118, 0.696160078747198, 0.3585836647544056, 0.5137014985084534, 0.35305245290510356, 0.2547567884903401, 0.8335686128120869, 0.8598571259062737, 0.9493593177758157, 0.051963609643280506, 0.445962545927614, 0.37887796526774764, 0.37230784189887345, 0.40500995982438326, 0.5224507451057434, 0.7546334678772837, 0.7893964387476444, 0.002948566572740674, 0.08477882482111454, 0.9350845499429852, 0.6136576246935874, 0.43623854289762676, 0.6574384802952409, 0.11272300221025944, 0.28568988805636764, 0.19777889735996723, 0.11248914944007993, 0.18542058859020472, 0.954238454811275, 0.9005833212286234, 0.8902071171905845, 0.14822029462084174, 0.09005949576385319, 0.5154833218548447, 0.8237881956156343, 0.6257564784027636, 0.7580877225846052, 0.4554431445430964, 0.6614565551280975, 0.7440755064599216, 0.5510057113133371, 0.6234941824804991, 0.17596707865595818, 0.5395455830730498, 0.22783829364925623, 0.21392789366655052, 0.9471865040250123, 0.5620460838545114, 0.07911567040719092, 0.24877006676979363, 0.8055896039586514, 0.010541711933910847, 0.6087920546997339, 0.8815844519995153, 0.18291708850301802, 0.5044255866669118, 0.9972332241013646, 0.4614653820171952, 0.18325941171497107, 0.8690796135924757, 0.94608981651254, 0.6314884123858064, 0.6390503775328398, 0.39032449782826006, 0.414656619541347, 0.8349143117666245, 0.9457324349787086, 0.40906974975951016, 0.09982578060589731, 0.10846294439397752, 0.689056180883199, 0.6898775757290423, 0.3528002086095512, 0.4200767236761749, 0.0949391855392605, 0.9364863925147802, 0.3506972051691264, 0.7571113076992333, 0.9822803323622793, 0.37112396443262696, 0.06003247736953199, 0.26424371218308806, 0.9164244879502803, 0.12094296794384718, 0.9992415111046284, 0.6972225930076092, 0.8078174951951951, 0.7682646843604743, 0.9873804189264774, 0.8119664590340108, 0.07762752566486597, 0.14810923137702048, 0.6819600663147867, 0.4690135510172695, 0.16659488715231419, 0.6327762776054442, 0.7463547480292618, 0.39803741849027574, 0.17518478818237782, 0.1583555971737951, 0.10775078507140279, 0.1242499218787998, 0.9660224826075137, 0.9762070451397449, 0.5603529987856746, 0.26436666096560657, 0.5468214566353709, 0.40860251942649484, 0.3022758027072996, 0.02008425840176642, 0.3731358570512384, 0.7494564689695835, 0.9824062176048756, 0.9425058355554938, 0.09355518245138228, 0.2382233371026814, 0.009253114461898804, 0.7392107646446675, 0.1731453377287835, 0.40960208559408784, 0.7124240573029965, 0.801055199932307, 0.34011531970463693, 0.609036945970729, 0.059878772124648094, 0.5215912105049938, 0.4482870369683951, 0.9052945722360164, 0.293260540580377, 0.6668761486653239, 0.9059703920502216, 0.3087666551582515, 0.7267702496610582, 0.21027578366920352, 0.12895682058297098, 0.10155030665919185, 0.09818903729319572, 0.12489700363948941, 0.4580614536534995, 0.644157683243975, 0.5875902213156223, 0.07882672478444874, 0.7570144706405699, 0.034294558921828866, 0.9162106749136001, 0.7485533494036645, 0.725779440253973, 0.7876441697590053, 0.39596537104807794, 0.2388555642683059, 0.38180794147774577, 0.7093472057022154, 0.2217862056568265, 0.6516232672147453, 0.9877018164843321, 0.25541252084076405, 0.7621479199733585, 0.41828770912252367, 0.41621110565029085, 0.7459602749440819, 0.7724272662308067]}, "type": "Particles", "options": {"color": "#b2df8a", "name": "C", "size": 0.07500000000000001}}], "options": {"save_image": false, "range": {"y": [-4.5, 5.5], "x": [0.0, 10.0], "z": [-4.5, 5.5]}, "world_height": 350, "world_width": 350, "grid": true, "autorange": false}};
    	 // Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizbbbb09f6-8950-4390-b1e3-ee438cc8eb65",model).render();
    	 var stage = Elegans.Embed.parse("#"+"vizbbbb09f6-8950-4390-b1e3-ee438cc8eb65",model);
         stage.world.camera.position.set(-22, 23, 32);
         stage.world.camera.rotation.set(-0.6, 0.5, 0.6);
    	 stage.render();
           });
         })();
        </script>
      </head>
      <body>
        <div id="vizbbbb09f6-8950-4390-b1e3-ee438cc8eb65"></div>
      </body>
    </html>



.. raw:: html

    
    <script>
     function searchCell(uuid){
       var n = IPython.notebook.ncells();
       for(var i=0; i<n; i++){
         var cell = IPython.notebook.get_cell(i);
         if(typeof cell../images/tutorial9_area != "undefined"){
           var outputs = cell../images/tutorial9_area.outputs.filter(function(out){
    console.log("Hi!");
             var html = out.data["text/html"];
             if(typeof html == "undefined")return false;
             if(html.includes(uuid))return true;
             return false;
           });
           if(outputs.length>0)return cell;
         }
       }
       return null;
     }
    
     var vis_id = "vizbbbb09f6-8950-4390-b1e3-ee438cc8eb65";
     var my_uuid = "png00ec07bc-d09c-47cc-85d6-8e5f2a7c878e";
     var vis_div = d3.select("#" + vis_id);
     var my_div =  d3.select("#" + my_uuid);
    
     var canvas = vis_div.select("canvas").node();
     var context = canvas.getContext("experimental-webgl", {preserveDrawingBuffer: true});
     var uri = canvas.toDataURL('image/png');
    
     my_div.append("img").attr("src", uri);
    
     window.setTimeout(function(){
     if(typeof window.IPython != "undefined"){
       try{
         var html = my_div.node().outerHTML;
         var cell = searchCell(my_uuid);
         if(cell == null)throw new Error("The cell whose id is " + my_uuid + " not found.");
         cell../images/tutorial9_area.outputs[0].data["text/html"] = html;
       }
       catch(e){
         console.warn("Maybe the front-end API of Jupyter has changed. message:" + e.message);
       }
     }
    }, 0);
     
    </script>
    <div id="png00ec07bc-d09c-47cc-85d6-8e5f2a7c878e"></div>
        


To check the effect of initial coordinates, we recommend that you locate
the molecules homogeneously with ``meso`` or simulate with
``gillespie``.

.. code:: python

    w = meso.MesoscopicWorld(Real3(10, 1, 1), Integer3(10, 1, 1))
    w.bind_to(m)
    w.add_molecules(Species('A'), 1200)
    w.add_molecules(Species('B'), 1200)
    
    sim = meso.MesoscopicSimulator(w)
    obs2 = NumberObserver(('A', 'B', 'C'))  # XXX: saves the numbers after every steps
    sim.run(5, obs2)
    viz.plot_number_observer(obs1, "-", obs2, "--")



.. image:: ./images/tutorial9_35_0.png


The solid line is biased case, and the dash line is non-biased. The
biased reaction is obviously slow. And you may notice that the shape of
time-series is also different between the solid and dash lines. This is
because it takes some time for the molecule ``A`` and ``B`` to collide
due to the initial separation. Actually it takes
:math:`4^2/2(D_\mathrm{A}+D_\mathrm{B})=4` seconds to move the initial
distance between ``A`` and ``B`` (about 4).

